127	1	Confirm Rumors (Fisherman Pierre hears a lot of news from those who come to fish. Recently he learned about a mass death of fish on the north-west of Alligator Island... He wrote an urgent letter concerning this and asked you to give it to Ferma.)
127	2	Find the Researcher of Waters (In the cave, find Baikal who researches polluted water and give him the Report about Fish that you got from Ferma.)
127	3	Go back to Pierre (Go back to Giran Harbor to Pierre.)
127	-1	[completed]
211	1	Cave of the Shyslassys (Kash says that anyone who wants to get the Mark of Challenger should enter the cave behind the Undine Waterfall in the northern part of the Neutral Zone, destroy Shyslassys and retrieve an old parchment.  Monster to Hunt - The Shyslassys)
211	2	Return to Kash (You've defeated Shyslassys and retrieved the parchment. Take it to Kash.)
211	3	In search of Martien (Kash tells you to get the Mark of Challenger from Martien in Town of Giran.)
211	4	Defeat Gorr (Martien says that he will give you the Mark of Challenger if you defeat an evil spirit known as Gorr that haunts the area around Floran Village.)
211	5	Return to Martien (You have defeated Gorr and taken its mark, the Watcher's Eye. Now return to Martien for the Mark of Challenger.)
211	6	Defeat Baraham (Gorr's defeat has not made the people of Floran Village any safer. They're now threatened by another evil creature. Find and destroy Baraham in the caves near Gorr's lair. Monster to Hunt -  Baraham)
211	7	Raldo (You've defeated Baraham. Who is this mysterious stranger?)
211	8	The Final Magic Force Field (Champion Raldo warns of an evil that will be resurrected unless a magic force field remains protected. Speak with Filaur of the Gray Pillar in the Dwarven Village and ask him where the last magic force field was known to exist.)
211	9	Protect the Magic Force Field (Gray Pillar Member Filaur of the Dwarven Village has informed you that he has investigated the Abandoned Coal Mines that has recently been emitting an evil energy, and he has discovered the Queen of the Succubus. Is this Succubus Queen the mastermind behind all the conspirators? Go to the Abandoned Coal Mines, the source of the evil energy that can break the fantasy! Monster to Hunt - Succubus Queen)
211	10	Raldo's Reappearance (At the death of the Succubus Queen, Raldo reappears. Speak with him.)
211	-1	[completed]
212	1	Sir Aron Tanford (Sometimes, being a mere Knight just isn't enough. Knights who wish to advance should find Sir Aron Tanford south of the Wastelands and undergo the Trial of Duty.)
212	2	Spirit of Sir Herod (A true Knight must always seek to restore honor when possible. Sir Herod, after betraying his troops and dying in disgrace, has been resurrected as an evil spirit. Kill the Undead skeletons that haunt the Wastelands and you'll meet him. You must destroy him with the Old Knight Sword in order to restore his honor. Return to Sir Aron Tanford when you've finished off Sir Herod. Monsters to Hunt - Skeleton Marauder, Skeleton Raider and Ghost of Sir Herod)
212	3	Sir Aron Tanford (You've obtained the Knight's Tears. Deliver them to Sir Aron Tanford.)
212	4	Toward the Second Trial (Unfortunately, Sir Herod was beyond redemption. That can't be helped now. Speak with Sir Kiel Nighthawk in the Dark Elf Guild of the Town of Dion to receive your second mission.)
212	5	Report of Sir Talianus (There's been a vicious massacre in Dion! Sir Talianus's report  for the King was ripped up and his soldiers have become Undead! Obtain the torn pieces of the report from the Undead in the Dion Execution Grounds and restore the report of Sir Talianus. Monsters to Hunt - Lesser Strains, Lesser Ghouls)
212	6	To Sir Kiel Nighthawk (You've restored the Report of Sir Talianus. Now take it to Sir Kiel Nighthawk in the Town of Dion.)
212	7	Eternal Return for Sir Talianus (Take this report, find the Spirit Of Sir Talianus and promise to submit it to the King on his behalf. This will allow his spirit to at last rest in peace. Meet the Spirit Of Sir Talianus by destroying the Hangman Tree that suppresses his soul. Monster to Hunt -  Hangman Tree)
212	8	Meeting with Sir Talianus (The seal that suppressed Sir Talianus has been broken. Speak with his spirit.)
212	9	Huge Atonement (Sir Talianus asks you to deliver his report to the King. His spirit can't rest in peace until his sins are redeemed and justice is restored to the land of Dion. Return to Sir Kiel Nighthawk and tell him what you've learned.)
212	10	A Knight in Hunters Village (Sir Kiel offers you to investigate the matters regarding Sir Talianus. He tells you to go to Hunters Village and meet Isael Silvershadow to receive your orders.)
212	11	Militia's Articles (Isael Silvershadow asks you to bring back the belongings of a militia who died defending the territory. Destroy the Leto Lizardmen on the Plains of the Lizardmen and collect 20 Militias Articles.)
212	12	Talk to Isael (Take the 20 Militias Articles you've collected to Isael.)
212	13	Toward Town of Giran (At last, the families of the brave soldiers can say goodbye to their loved ones. Grand Master Hannavalt sends word to Isael asking him to send you to Priest Dustin in Town of Giran one more time.)
212	14	The Bones of  Leon Athebaldt (Priest Dustin tells you the story of Leon Athebaldt, the protector of the will of Einhasad. He asks that you kill the Breka Orc Overlord and retrieve Sir Athebaldt's bones from around his neck. Find the Overlord in the Breka Stronghold. Monster to Hunt -  Breka Orc Overlord)
212	15	Return to Dustin (You've retrieved the bones of Sir Leon Athebaldt. Now return to Priest Dustin.)
212	16	In Search of Sir Collin Windawood (When you return with the bones of Leon Athebaldt, Dustin asked you to take them to Sir Collin Windawood, Leon's uncle.  He's an archon on Talking Island.)
212	17	Return to Dustin (Sir Collin Windawood asks you to deliver his letter of gratitude to Priest Dustin.)
212	18	Return to Hannavalt (Priest Dustin thanks you and gives you a letter describing your efforts. Take it to Grand Master Hannavalt.)
212	-1	[completed]
213	1	Formerly Known as Hawkeye (Mutant evil spirits threaten the kingdom. The guild has decided to begin a secret investigation into their activities. Only Seekers can accomplish this task. You must find someone to help you. The letter describes that person.)
213	2	Mutant Evil Spirits in the Execution Grounds (Master Terry is concerned about the increasing number of mutants in the area and asks you to hunt the Neer Crawler Berserker on the Execution Grounds near the village. Monster to Hunt -  Neer Crawler Berserker)
213	3	Mysterious Spirit Ore (A suspicious stone has been retrieved from the Neer Crawler Berserkers. Take it to Master Terry in the Town of Dion.)
213	4	Hunt the Mutants (After examining the Spirit Ore, Terry asks you to investigate the mutants while he continues his work. Monsters to Hunt - Partisan's Hideaway: Ol Mahum Captains Orc Barracks: Turek Orc Prefects Wastelands or Ant Nest: Ant Captains Gorgon Flower Garden: Turak Bugbear Warriors)
213	5	Return to Terry (You've retrieved the Spirit Ores from the mutants. Now return to Master Terry in the Town of Dion.)
213	6	Finding Victor the Clairvoyant (Master Terry asks you to deliver the Spirit Ores to Victor in Hunters Village and advises that you tell him Master Terry's full name if he seems unfamiliar with him. Remember this!)
213	7	Terry's Real Name (You got it wrong! What is Master Terry's full name? Go ask him again!)
213	8	Remember the Name (Master Terry tells you his full name again and asks that you not forget it. His current name is made by combining the second letters of his full name. He wrote the letter again, so take it with you.)
213	9	Medusa's Scales (Victor agrees to investigate if you'll hunt the Medusa and bring him 10 of its Scales. Monster to Hunt -  Medusa)
213	10	Return to Victor (You've collected 10 Medusa Scales. Take them to Weapon Merchant Victor in Hunters Village and ask him about the Spirit Ore.)
213	11	Magister of the Ivory Tower (Victor explains that the Spirit Ore are associated with Shilen. He asks that you deliver his Analysis Request letter containing his preliminary research results to Magister Marina in the Ivory Tower.)
213	12	Errand to Dwarven Village (Magister Marina asks you to get an object from Blacksmith Brunon of Dwarven Village while she performs the analysis.)
213	13	Return to Marina (Bruno gives you a very fragile object to deliver to Marina. Be careful with it.)
213	14	What is the Result of the Analysis? (Marina is depressed to find that the analysis confirms her worst fears. Take her results to Master Terry to find out more.)
213	15	In Search of the Dark Bezoar (The analysis shows that Spirit Ore are being intentionally implanted into the bodies of monsters. Destroy these monsters and retrieve the Abyssal Spirit Ore. Monsters to Hunt -  Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Stakato Drones Breka's Stronghold: Breka Orc Prefects Wastelands or Ant Nest: Ant Warrior Captains Plains of the Lizardmen: Leto Lizardman Warriors)
213	16	Return to Terry (You've removed the abyss Spirit Ores from the monsters. Now take them to Master Terry.)
213	17	Children of Shilen (The ones behind this whole plot were the children of Shilen. Take the report to Master Dufner.)
213	-1	[completed]
214	1	In Search of High Priest Sylvain (To advance your learning, you must pass the Trial of the Scholar. Find the renowned Mystics and do as they say! First, you should seek out High Priest Sylvain in the Town of Dion.)
214	2	Finding Maria (High Priest Sylvain asks that you obtain the Crystal of Purity from Maria in the village so he can purify the Execution Grounds.)
214	3	The Stolen Scroll (The secret of making Crystals of Purity has been kept by Maria's family for generations. She tells you that the scroll containing the secret method was stolen a month ago. Find Captain Lucas and ask him what happened.)
214	4	The Unrecovered Scroll (Unfortunately, Maria's scroll has not yet been found. Go and tell her.)
214	5	The Astrologer of Floran Village (Maria agrees with Lucas's suggestion that they seek out a fortune-teller. She asks you to speak with Creta in Floran Village.)
214	6	Searching for Clues (Creta asks you to find clues regarding the robbery. Return to Maria and ask her for clues.)
214	7	A Clue in the Handbag? (It's Lucilla's handbag! She was a friend of Maria's who was there when the robbery happened. It might hold a clue! Take it to Creta.)
214	8	Shadow of the Criminal (Creta sees the culprit's shadow in the handbag. Could it be the shadow of a Human?)
214	9	A Very Mysterious Shadow (Maria asks that you show the shadow to Captain Lucas, an expert in such matters.)
214	10	Was It a Lizardman's Shadow? (Captain Lucas isn't sure that the shadow belongs to the thief, but it appears to belong to a Leto Lizardman Warrior!)
214	11	Tracking the Lizardmen! (Maria asks you to track down the lizardman and retrieve the stolen scroll. Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardman Warriors)
214	12	A Torn Scroll (You've retrieved the torn scroll from the Leto Lizardmen. Take it to Maria, she'll be able to read it.)
214	13	Crystal of Purity (The Crystal of Purity is complete! Take it to High Priest Sylvain.)
214	14	Sylvain is Satisfied (High Priest Sylvain wanted you to help Maria make the Crystal of Purity. Return to Magister Mirien for your next assignment.)
214	15	In Search of Jurek (Mirien says that you must report to Grand Magister Jurek in Giran Castle Town.)
214	16	Who Has the Power? (Jurek asks you to hunt down the evil spirits who have recently gained magical powers, and to bring him what he needs for his investigation. Monsters to Hunt - Wastelands, Plains of Dion: Monster Eye Destroyers Breka's Stronghold: Breka Orc Shaman Dragon Valley: Shackles)
214	17	Return to Jurek (You've collected all the items that Jurek requires. Take them to him in Giran Castle Town.)
214	18	The Trial of Jurek is Complete (Jurek has given you a Mark as a token of gratitude, and indicates he is still seeking evidence to prove his suspicions. Return to Mirien.)
214	19	In Search of Elder Cronos (Your last assignment is with Elder Cronos in Hunters Village. Go and find him.)
214	20	Scriptures of Knowledge (Elder Cronos asks you what your purpose is in learning magic. When he is convinced of what you say, he tells you of a book called the Scriptures of Knowledge, which he onced used. Visit Dieter at the Wizard Guild of Giran Castle to obtain the book.)
214	21	Finding the Astrologer Again (Dieter has lost the Scriptures of Knowledge! Consult Astrologer Creta again.)
214	22	Creta's 1st Letter (Creta used her power to see the shadows of the people who might be connected to the theft of the Manuscript. You have to pass it on to Dieter.)
214	23	In Search of Edroc (Dieter suggests that you speak with Edroc, the son of the owners of the inn they were staying in. He may remember something.)
214	24	Warehouse Keeper of the Harbor (Merchant Edrock says that there must have been a happening like that and shows you the letter left by them when they left for Gludin port. On the envelop, it says Warehouse Keeper Raut.)
214	25	The Drunkard's Brother (Raut gives you the first chapter of the scripture and asks you to forgive his brother's youthful indiscretions. Raut says he doesn't know where the other three chapters are, but suggests you ask his brother and tells you where to find him.)
214	26	Finding the Remaining Scriptures of Knowledge (Triff was the lone survivor of a deadly magical attack. They say that he was able to hide some of the scriptures before the evil spirits took the lot of them.. You must journey afar to complete the Scriptures of Knowledge! Town of Giran: Warehouse Keeper Valkon Town of Dion: Blacksmith Poitan Monster to Hunt -  Death Pass: Grandis)
214	27	Scriptures of Knowledge (Elder Casian regrets that he cannot understand the contents from only one chapter. You must find the rest of the scriptures! Death Pass: Evil Spirit Grandis Giran Castle Town's Warehouse Keeper Valkon.)
214	28	Casian's Magic Ingredient (Elder Casian asks you for the materials he needs to copy the Scriptures of Knowledge. Monsters to Hunt - Execution Grounds: Lesser Ghouls Gorgon Flower Garden: Medusas Death Pass: Fettered Souls Crater of Ivory Tower: Enchanted Gargoyles)
214	29	Return to Casian (You've gotten the materials that Elder Casian needs. Take them to him in the Wastelands.)
214	30	An Incomplete Scripture (The Scriptures of Knowledge are not complete without the introduction and the fifth chapter! Elder Casian is regretful, but there is nothing to be done since they have been destroyed. You've retrieved all of that's left of the Scriptures of Knowledge. Return to Elder Cronos.)
214	31	The Truth of the Scripture (Elder Cronos says that the Scriptures of Knowledge are merely one interpretation of the greater Tablet of Maphr, which contains the ultimate secrets of geometry - translated by the giants from the Gods themselves!  He continues to say that the authors had to discontinue their work once it was realized that the dark secrets contained within were too powerful for this world. He is very pleased with you and what you have brought him and gives you something in return. Return to Magister Mirien.)
214	-1	[completed]
215	1	The Teachings of Pa'agrio (The Trial of the Pilgrim requires that you learn the ways of the gods by visiting various priests. You should visit Seer Tanapi in the land of the Orcs first.)
215	2	Ancestor Martankus (Seer Tanapi tells you that in order to truly understand Pa'agrio, the God of Fire, you must meet Ancestor Martankus within the Cave of Trials!)
215	3	Essence of Flame (If you wish to understand the true nature of Pa'agrio, Martankus says you must recover the Essence of Flame from the Forgotten Temple in Gludin Territory.  Monsters to Hunt - Lava Salamanders)
215	4	Return to Martankus (You've got the Essence of Flame! Take it to Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials.)
215	5	Seer Tanapi (The Essence of Flame contains the Soul of Pa'agrio. Should it speak to you, be sure to let Seer Tanapi know of what was said.)
215	6	The Teachings of Maphr (You've felt the flame. Now you must learn Maphr's truth. Speak with Gauri Twinklerock in Dwarven Village.)
215	7	Which is True? (To learn the truth of Maphr, meet with Priest Gerald or Wanderer Dorf.)
215	8	The Teachings of Einhasad (The Teachings of Maphr.  This is like the two sides of a coin. Find Priest Primos in Giran Castle Town to receive the teachings of Einhasad.)
215	9	Talking Island (Priest Primos in Giran Castle Town says that he doesn't have anything to tell you. He tells you to go see Priest Petron on Talking Island.)
215	10	Kill Nahir (Priest Petron will teach you and give you your assignment if you'll go to the Elven Ruins and destroy the evil spirit known as Nahir. Monster to Hunt -  Nahir)
215	11	Return to Priest Petron (You've killed the evil creature Nahir. Return to Priest Petron on Talking Island.)
215	12	The Teachings of Eva (The truth of Einhasad is that there's as much jealousy and destruction as there is faith and life in this world. Now you must learn the truth of Eva. Speak with Andellia in Elven Village.)
215	13	Defeat the Black Willow (Eva's priest asks you to kill the Black Willows located at the falls in the Neutral Zone.  Then to go meet with Uruha, Priestess of Darkness, to warn her not to bring her evil intentions to the Elven Forest ever again.)
215	14	Give a Warning to Uruha (You've defeated the Black Willow. Now visit Uruha and warn her not to bring her dastardly evil intentions near the Elven Village ever again.)
215	15	Book of Darkness (In pursuit of the teachings of the opposite.  You've obtained the Book of Darkness which contains the dark secrets of Shilen! How would Andellia, Eva's child, respond to you now?)
215	16	Elder of the Wastelands (Your next lesson will be learned from Elder Casian of the Wastelands. He has some very unusual, forgotten knowledge. Go see him.)
215	17	To Live a Life with Faith (The laws of the gods govern the universe although their intentions are not always clear. We must simply live each day with faith... Now return to Hermit Santiago.)
215	-1	[completed]
216	1	The Trial Begins (In order to become a full-fledged member of Dwarven society, you must first create 7 Journeyman Rings. Blacksmith Altran on Talking Island might be a good person to ask.)
216	2	Altran's Arthritis (Altran's arthritis is bothering him terribly. Return to Warehouse Keeper Valkon for instructions.)
216	3	A Medicine for Arthritis (Altran's arthritis is getting much worse. Mandragora berries are supposed to be an excellent remedy. Bring him some and he might listen to you. Monsters to Hunt - Mandragora Sprouts, Mandragoras, Mandragora Saplings, Mandragora Blossoms)
216	4	Visiting Altran (Take the Mandragora Berries to Altran in Talking Island Village to treat his arthritis.)
216	5	Ingredients of the Journeyman Ring (In order to make a Journeyman Ring you must obtain Journeyman Gems and Journeyman Deco Beads. You can get the gems from Warehouse Keeper Norman in Gludin Village and the Deco Beads from Blacksmith Pinter in the Town of Gludio.)
216	6	Making a Journeyman Ring (You've obtained 7 Journeyman Deco Beads and 7 Journeyman Gems. Use the recipe to create 7 Journeyman Rings and take them to Warehouse Keeper Valkon.)
216	-1	[completed]
217	1	Elven Hierarch (High Priest Hollint warns of a huge pending disaster and the dawn of an era of chaos. He gives you a testimony of trust, asking that you work to strengthen the solidarity between the races in preparation for the dark days ahead. You must visit the leaders of all the tribes and obtain their trust. Meet with Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village first.)
217	2	Captains of the Insane Spirits (Hierarch Asterios asks you to slay Luell of Zephyr Winds and Actea of Verdant Wilds, the leaders of the spirits who are destroying the forest, in order to restore the trust between Humans and Elves. Find them by killing Lireins and Dryads. Monsters to Hunt - Lireins, Lirein Elders, Luell of Zephyr Winds, Dryads, Dryad Elders, Actea of the Verdant Wilds.)
217	3	Return to Hierarch Asterios (You've defeated the leaders of the insane spirits, Luell of Zephyr Winds and Actea of the Verdant Wilds. Return to Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village.)
217	4	The Dark Elven Tetrarch (You've received a letter of trust from Hierarch Asterios, the leader of the Elves. Speak with Great Hierarch Thifiell in Dark Elf Village.)
217	5	Free the Brown Elf Chief (Great Hierarch Thifiell will not give his trust easily and asks you to help him free the Dark Elf leader as a sign of good faith. Speak with Magister Clayton in the Town of Dion.)
217	6	Three Ingredients (Magister Clayton asks you to gather three ingredients from various monsters.  Monsters to Hunt - Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks Wastelands: Ant Soldiers Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Stakatos)
217	7	Return to Clayton (You've collected all the ingredients that Clayton requested. Return to the Town of Dion.)
217	8	To the Dark Elf Village (Clayton asks that you take the three ingredients to Tetrarch Thifiell in the Dark Elf Village.)
217	9	High Priest of Oren Castle Village (You've received a letter of trust from Tetrarch Thifiell, the Dark Elven leader. Return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
217	10	To the Temple of Einhasad (You've delivered the letters from the leaders of the Elves and the Dark Elves to High Priest Hollint. Now speak with Cardinal Seresin at the entrance of the Temple of Einhasad in the Town of Oren.)
217	11	A Lack of Experience (Cardinal Seresin advises you to get more experience. You're not skilled enough to complete the Testimony of Trust. Meet with Cardinal Seresin again when you reach Lv. 38.)
217	12	Finding the Lord of the Orcs (You must obtain a promise of trust from the Orcish and Dwarven leaders. Deliver Cardinal Seresin's letter to the Lord of the Orcs.)
217	13	Help Manakia (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai, the leader of Orcs, has asked you to help Priest Manakia in Town of Giran.)
217	14	Lota Tribe's Totem (Priest Manakia has asked that you destroy the Windsus and collect 10 Parasites of Lota. Mad Boars are rampaging at the Death Pass at the behest of the Totem Spirit of the Lota tribe. Monster to Hunt -  Windsus)
217	15	Return to Manakia (You've collected all the Parasites of Lota that you need. Return to Priest Manakia.)
217	16	Return to Kakai (Take Manakia's letter to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
217	17	The Elder of Dwarven Village (You've obtained the mark of trust from the Orcs! Speak with Lockirin of the Iron Gate Guild in Dwarven Village.)
217	18	The Maestro of Cruma Tower (Lockirin asks that you to help Maestro Nikola at Cruma Tower if you wish to obtain the promise of trust.)
217	19	The Heartstones of Porta (Maestro Nikola asks that you bring him a Heartstone of Porta. Porta lives inside Cruma Tower. Monster to Hunt -  Porta)
217	20	Return to Nikola (You've collected 10 Heartstones of Porta. Take them to Maestro Nikola outside of the tower.)
217	21	Toward the Dwarven Village (You've delivered the Heartstones of Porta to Maestro Nikola. Now return to Lockirin in Dwarven Village.)
217	22	Restart at the Town of Oren. (You've earned the trust of the Dwarves! Return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
217	23	High Priest (You've earned the trust of all the leaders of the tribes. Find High Priest Biotin on Talking Island and obtain the Mark of Trust.)
217	-1	[completed]
218	1	The Time of Trial (Also known as the mother of all forests and fairies, our Mother Tree is dying. Master Cardien says that many young Elves must be sacrificed if she is to be saved and then gives you the testimony of life. Take his letter to Magister Asterios in Elven Village.)
218	2	Water of Life (You must obtain the Water of Life to revive the Mother Tree. Thalia in the east of Iris Lake knows where to find it. Find her.)
218	3	The Dwarven Blacksmith (You must first have the Grail of Purity if you are to obtain the Water of Life. Blacksmith Pushkin is the only one who knows how to  properly handle Pure Mithril, an essential ingredient of the grail. Find him in Giran Castle Town.)
218	4	Ingredients of the Grail (The grail has three ingredients: pure Mithril Ore, Ant Soldier Acid and Wyrm's Talons. Monsters to Hunt - Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks, Wyrms Wastelands, Ant Nest: Various Ants)
218	5	Return to Pushkin (You've obtained the ingredients that Blacksmith Pushkin requested. Return to him and create the grail.)
218	6	Finished Mithril Glass (Blacksmith Pushkin has created a Pure Mithril Cup. Take it to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	7	The Dark Elven Witch (You must obtain stardust to make a Grail of Purity. Meet with Witch Arkenia of the Dark Elves at the Altar of Rites in Dark Elven Forest.)
218	8	Searching for the Scripture of Andariel (Witch Arkenia will give you Stardust if you bring her the Andariel Scripture. You'll find it in Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village.)
218	9	Making a Copy of the Scripture (Priest Adonius asks for your help with his publishing business and promises to give you a copy of the Andariel Scripture as a reward. Find Spider Ichor for the ink and Harpy's Down for the Penholders. Monsters to Hunt - Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Spiders Gorgon Flower Garden: Harpy)
218	10	Return to Adonius (You've obtained the materials that Adonius asked for. Return to him.)
218	11	Completed Scripture (Take the Scripture that you got from Priest Adonius to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites in the Dark Elven Forest.)
218	12	Return to Thalia (Take the Stardust that you received from Witch Arkenia to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	13	A Lack of Experience (Thalia tells you that you must have more experience if you wish to find the Water of Life. Find her again when you reach Lv. 38.)
218	14	Stolen Spear (The Talin's Spear, essential to finding the Water of Life, has been stolen. Thalia orders you to retrieve it. Speak with Isael Silvershadow of Hunters Village first.)
218	15	Separated Spear (The Talin's Spear has been stolen and separated into 6 pieces. Track down the Chief and Shaman of the Leto Lizardmen and retrieve the pieces. Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardman Shaman, Leto Lizardman Overlords)
218	16	Talk to Isael (You've collected all parts of the Talin's Spear. Return to Isael Silvershadow in Hunters Village.)
218	17	Prepared Readiness (Talin's Spear has been restored to its original state. Take it to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	18	Genuine Tears (Stab Eva's unicorn with Talin's Spear and capture the tears in the grail to obtain the Water of Life. Find the Unicorn of Eva in the southern mountain range of the Elven Forest.)
218	19	Tears of Eva (You've succeeded in capturing the unicorn's tears in the grail. Return to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	20	Water of Life (Take the Water of Life to Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village.)
218	21	The Testimony of Life (You've delivered the Water of Life to Hierarch Asterios. Now take the amulet he gave you to Master Cardien in the Town of Dion.)
218	-1	[completed]
219	1	Alder's Ash (Magister Kaira commands you to find a book called "Kaysha's Revelations," which supposedly contains secrets of the goddess Shilen. Meet Brother Metheus in the Temple of Einhasad in Giran Castle Town and learn more about Alder, who published copies of the book.)
219	2	Little Sister's Ash (Brother Metheus asks you to help him avenge his sister in exchange for Alder's skull. He asks that you first slay the Hangman Tree in the Execution Grounds and recover the remains of his sister. Monster to Hunt -  Hangman Tree)
219	3	Return to Metheus (You found Kassandra's remains hanging from the Hangman Tree in the Execution Grounds. Take them to Brother Metheus.)
219	4	Belladonna (Brother Metheus asks you to obtain some Belladonna for him to avenge the murder of his sister. Find a Dark Elven expert in poisons to help you.)
219	5	An Expert in Poisons (Find Master Ixia in the Town of Dion and ask him for Belladonna.)
219	6	Ingredients of Belladonna (Belladonna contains 10 of the following ingredients: Medusa Blood, Marsh Spider Fluids, Dead Seeker Dung, Tyrant's Blood and Nightshade Root. Monsters to Hunt - Gorgon Flower Garden: Medusas Execution Grounds: Dead Seekers Wastelands: Tyrants Cruma Marshlands: Stakatos, Marsh Spiders)
219	7	Return to Ixea (You've obtained all the ingredients needed to make belladonna. Return to Master Ixia, the poison expert.)
219	8	Cold Revenge (Take the belladonna to Brother Metheus.)
219	9	Return to Kaira (You delivered the belladonna to Brother Metheus and received Alder's skull. Return to Magister Kaira.)
219	10	Alders' Spirit (Ask Alder's spirit about "Kaysha's Revelations.")
219	11	Find Roa (Find Roa, tell him what you learned from Alder's spirit, and ask him about "Kaysha's Revelations.")
219	12	Gludin Warehouse (Take the ticket from Magister Roa to the warehouse in Gludin Village.)
219	13	Kaysha's Revelations (You have obtained a copy of "Kaysha's Revelations." Return to Magister Kaira in Giran Castle Town.)
219	14	A Lack of Experience (Magister Kaira tells you that you are not ready to take the next test. Return to her when you reach level 38.)
219	15	Initiation Ceremony (Take the Recommendation Letter to Tetrarch Thifiell in Dark Elf Village to be initiated into the Shilen Circle.)
219	16	The Altar of Rites (Take the letter and amulet you received from Tetrarch Thifiell to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites in the Dark Elven Forest.)
219	17	Obtain Special Ink (To be initiated into the Shilen Circle, you must first create a special ink from Red Fairy Dust and Blight Treant Sap. Obtain the ingredients from the Bloody Pixie and Blight Treants.)
219	18	The Dark Elven Tetrarch (The initiation wa successful! Now deliver Arkenia's letter to Tetrarch Thifiell in the Dark Elven Village.)
219	-1	[completed]
220	1	Trial of Vokian (Prefect Vokian wants to make sure that you're experienced enough to represent the Lord, and orders that you prove your ability by hunting monsters. Monsters to Hunt - Crater of Ivory Tower: Manashens Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks Wastelands: Tyrant, Tyrant Kingpin)
220	2	Return to Vokian (You've defeated the monsters that Vokian ordered and collected all the marks. Return to Prefect Vokian.)
220	3	Chianta, Chief of the Gandi Tribe (You've proven your abilities to Prefect Vokian. Meet Gandi Chief Chianta in the Town of Dion.)
220	4	Five Unique and Honorable Deaths (Recover the Flame Scepter from the 5 lower Orc tribes. The tribes are called the Breka, Enku, Vuku, Turek and Tunath. Visit Seer Manakia in Giran Castle Town and Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village for detailed instructions.)
220	5	Return to Chianta (You've collected the scepters from the 5 lower Orc tribes. Take them to Gandi Chief Chianta.)
220	6	Punish the Betrayers (You've recovered the Flame Scepters from the 5 lower Orc tribes. Now you must make war against the Timak and Tamlin Orc tribes. Bring back 20 heads from each tribe! Monsters to Hunt - Timak Outpost: Timak Orcs Hunters Valley: Tamlin Orcs and their Archers)
220	7	The Punishment Ends (You've brought 20 heads from the Tamlin and Timak Orc tribes. Return to Chianta.)
220	8	The Immortal Plateau (Take the box you got from Gandi Chief Chianta to Seer Tanapi in Orc Village.)
220	9	The Scepter of Tantos (Find the Ragna Orc Overlord or Seer somewhere on the Immortal Plateau and recover the stolen scepter. Monsters to Hunt - Ragna Orc Overlords, Ragna Orc Seers, Revenant of Tantos Chief)
220	10	Recovered Scepter of Tantos (You've recovered the Scepter of the Tantos tribe. Take it to Seer Tanapi.)
220	11	To the Lord of Flame (You've recovered the stolen scepter and delivered it to Seer Tanapi. Now take the Ritual Box to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
220	-1	[completed]
221	1	Four Proofs of Prosperity (To complete the first stage of the Prosperity Test, you must find the four marks: Treasure Mark, Fertile Land Mark, Fertility Mark, and Healthy Body Mark. Ask about the details of each Mark to the Warehouse Keeper Farman of Giran village.)
221	2	Return to Parman (All four marks symbolizing the richness of Maphr. Go back to the Warehouse Keeper Parman of Giran village)
221	3	A Lack of Experience (You've completed the first stage of the Test of Prosperity, but you don't have enough experience to do the second stage yet. Once you reach Lv. 38, go see Warehouse Keeper Parman of Giran village.)
221	4	Maphr's Stone Plate (You have completed the first part of the Testimony of Prosperity. The second part of the test is to find and bring back Maphr's Tablet on which the secrets of absolute geometry are recorded.  For details, go to Maestro Nikola who is located near Cruma Tower and ask him.)
221	5	Making an Imprint of the Keyhole (According to Maestro Nikola, Maphr's Tablet is hidden in a box located somewhere inside the Cruma Tower. However, in order to make a key to open the box, you must first make an imprint of the keyhole. Take the clay Maestro Nikola has given you, go to Cruma Tower to copy the keyhole of the box and return.)
221	6	Return to Nikola (By using the clay, you have made a copy of the keyhole. Now, return to Maestro Nikola.)
221	7	Ingredients for the Key (In order to open the box containing Maphr's Tablet, you must first make a Key of Titan. Maestro Nikola has given you the list of materials that are needed to make the key. Collect the materials and then by using the recipe, make a Key of Titan.  After that, open the box with the completed key and recover Maphr's Tablet.   Monsters to Hunt -  Marsh Stakatos, Toad Lords, and Marsh Spiders.)
221	8	Lesser Giant's Key (You have gathered all the materials you need. Now, by using the recipe, make the key and open the Titan's Box.)
221	9	Maphr's Stone Plate (You've finally obtained Maphr's Tablet. Take this to Warehouse Keeper Parman of Giran village.)
221	-1	[completed]
222	1	Fighting Evil (To pass the Test of the Duelist you must defeat the most powerful evil spirit from each territory in the kingdom. Kaien has ordered that you destroy at least 10 evil spirits in each territory!)
222	2	Monster Hunt (Hunt the following monsters: Gludio Territory Wastelands - Punchers, Ant Nest - Noble Ant Leaders Dion Territory Cruma Marshlands - Marsh Stakato Drones, Execution Grounds - Dead Seekers Giran Territory Breka's Stronghold - Breka Orc Overlords, Death Pass - Fettered Souls Oren Territory Plains of the Lizardmen - Leto Lizardman Overlords, Krator of Ivory Tower - Enchanted Monster Eyes Aden Territory Hunters Valley - Tamlin Orcs, Tamlin Orc Archers)
222	3	The First Test Is Over (You've killed all the evil spirits for the Test of the Duelist. Return to Kaien.)
222	4	The Final Test (To pass the Test of the Duelist, you must prove you are the best in the kingdom. Find the evil creatures listed in the final order and kill at least 3 of each. Monsters to Hunt - Cruma Tower: Excuros, Krator Death Pass: Grandis Timak Outpost: Timak Orc Overlord Hunters Valley: Lakin)
222	5	The Final Test Is Complete (You've defeated the evil spirits for the final test. Return to Kaien.)
222	-1	[completed]
223	1	The Old Soldier's Friend (Veteran Ascalon asks you to find his old friend Mason in the southern part of Dion.)
223	2	Mason's Revenge (Mason's entire family was massacred by troops of the Gracian army. Exact his revenge upon the Bloody Axe's Escorts on the Plains of the Lizardmen. Monsters to Hunt - Bloody Axe's Escorts)
223	3	Return to Mason (You've collected 100 heads of the Bloody Axe's Escort. Now take them to Mason.)
223	4	Letter to Ascalon (Mason is satisfied that his family has been avenged. He asks you to deliver a letter to Ascalon.)
223	5	Poison of Medusa (Now you must make an antidote for the Giran guards who were poisoned by the Medusa. Find Groot in Town of Giran.)
223	6	Antidote (It wasn't a mortal threat to the race, but the number Medusa poisonings certainly increased. Create an antidote from a Harpy's Egg, the Medusa's Venom and Windsus Bile. Monsters to Hunt - Gorgon Flower Garden: Harpy, Medusa Death Pass: Windsus)
223	7	Return to Groot (You've gathered the ingredients to make the antidote for the Medusa's venom. Return to Dye Merchant Groot.)
223	8	Fight of the Old Soldiers (Groot thanks you for helping him and tells you that he will make and deliver the antidote. Now return to Ascalon.)
223	9	Crisis In the Town of Oren (The Town of Oren is in danger! Meet Captain Mouen there!)
223	10	Hunting the Road Scavenger (The crisis in Oren was a bit overblown by Ascalon, but the Road Scavengers are clearly causing trouble. Bring back 100 of their heads! Monsters to Hunt - Road Scavengers, Road Collectors)
223	11	Talk to Mouen (You've collected 100 heads of the Road Scavengers. Return to Captain Mouen.)
223	12	Protect Giran Castle (Ascalon was right! the Leto Lizardmen have begun a full frontal assault! You must defend Giran Castle! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardmen)
223	13	Return to the Captain (You've collected 100 fangs of Leto Lizardmen. Return to Captain Mouen.)
223	14	Return to Ascalon (You've saved Giran! Return to Veteran Ascalon.)
223	-1	[completed]
224	1	The Trial Begins (Hamil in Floran Village is a genius archer from Innadril. Visit him and earn his respect.)
224	2	Watchman of the Wastelands (Evil is afoot in the Ant Nest of the Wastelands. Meet Sir Aron Tanford, the watcher of the Wastelands.)
224	3	Ant Nest (Brankel disappeared into the Ant Nest while searching for pagans. Go to the Ant Nest in the Wastelands and look for clues. Monsters to Hunt - All Monsters in the Ant Nest)
224	4	Hunter's Rune (A rune used by hunters. Take it to Hamil to find out what it means.)
224	5	Where Is the Black Egg? (The children of Shilen have been acting suspiciously. Visit Prefect Vokian in Giran Castle Town and investigate the movements of the Breka Orcs.)
224	6	Searching For Remains of the Snake (Prefect Vokian asks you to investigate all Breka Orc Shamans and Overlords and bring him anything snake-like that you find. Monsters to Hunt - Breka Orc Overlords, Breka Orc Shamans)
224	7	Return to Vokian (You've found a snake-shaped amulet. Take it to Perfect Vokian.)
224	8	Brankel's Message (The Talisman of Snake summons a Totem Spirit. To decode Brankel's message, take this information to Hamil.)
224	9	Crescent Moon Bow (The evil spirit Kadesh has been resurrected! You must have a Crescent Moon Bow to defeat him. Go to the Ivory Tower of Oren and meet Magister Gauen.)
224	10	Broken Bow (A Crescent Moon Bow is essential if you are to defeat Commander Kadesh. This one needs a lot of work, however. To restore its function you must obtain some materials.  Monsters to Hunt - Crater of Ivory Tower: Manashens Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Spiders, Marsh Stakato Workers, Marsh Stakato Soldiers and Marsh Stakato Drones.  Death Pass: Road Scavengers)
224	11	Restoring the Crescent Moon Bow (You've obtained the materials needed to restore the Crescent Moon Bow. Take them to Magister Gauen in the Ivory Tower.)
224	12	Resurrected Evil Archer (The Crescent Moon Bow has been restored. It can only shoot Wooden Arrows. Return to Hamil to find Kadesh's location.)
224	13	Evil Spirit Hunting (The evil spirit Kadesh is building his power by consuming Leto Lizardmen. You'll find Kadesh if you hunt them. You can only kill him with the Crescent Moon Bow. Remember, you mustn't use any skills when you kill him! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardmen, Evil Spirit Kadesh)
224	14	Completing the test (You've killed the evil spirit Kadesh. Return to Hamil.)
224	-1	[completed]
225	1	Scout of the Kingdom (A Searcher has the ability to find hidden things. To obtain the Mark of Searcher, visit Captain Alex in Floran Village. He was once known as the best scout in the kingdom.)
225	2	Captain Alex's Aide (Captain Alex asks you to meet with Militianman Leirynn, his aide. She'll tell you what to do.)
225	3	Delu Lizardman Shaman (Militianman Leirynn orders you to kill the Delu Lizardman Shaman in this area. Monster to Hunt - Delu Lizardman Shaman)
225	4	Return to Militianman Leirynn (You've defeated the Delu Lizardman Shaman. Report back to Militianman Leirynn.)
225	5	Delu Chief Kalkis (Classified documents have revealed that the Delu Lizardmen's sole purpose was to find something. Chief Kalkis might know something! Monster to Hunt - Delu Chief Kalkis)
225	6	A Suspicious Map (You've defeated Kalkis. He has a suspicious map, doesn't he? Return to Militianman Leirynn and find out more about it.)
225	7	Report to Captain Alex (Leirynn doesn't know what the map is for and asks you to take it to Captain Alex.)
225	8	Search For the Lost Gold Bars (The map shows the forgotten gold chest left behind by the old lord's elite officer! Go see Drunkard Borys who was an elite back then in the Town of Gludio to find out more.)
225	9	Loosen the Drunkard's Lips (Drunkard Borys isn't going to say a word unless you bring him the best Malrukian Wine that Tyra can find.)
225	10	Red Spore Dust (Tyra is willing to exchange the wine for 10 pouches of Red Spore Dust. You can get Red Spore Dust from the Giant Fungus at the Sea of Spores!)
225	11	Return to Tyra (You've obtained 10 pouches of Red Spore Dust. Take them to Tyra and trade them for Malrukian Wine.)
225	12	A Happy Drunkard (Take the Malrukian Wine to Drunkard Borys and get the information!)
225	13	The Gold Thief (The four royal guards conspired together to conceal the lord's gold. One of them is a man whose name is Jax. He is protecting merchant convoys in the southern section of the Wastelands. Let's go find him!)
225	14	Find the Torn Map (The guards tore the map into 4 pieces and ran away. One of them was killed by Road Scavengers and another lost his life to the Hangman Tree. Find the map pieces! Monsters to Hunt - Death Pass: Road Scavengers Execution Grounds: Hangman Trees)
225	15	Return to Jax (You've found the pieces of the map that were held by Solt and Makel. Visit Escort Jax to complete the map!)
225	16	The Treasure's Location (As you piece together the 4 parts of the map, a coordinate appears. Go there!)
225	17	A Treasure Box (You've discovered a Rusty Box and a Key. Can you open it?)
225	18	The Gold Bars Are Discovered! (You've discovered 20 Gold Bars in the Rusty Box! Take them to Alex right away!)
225	19	Alex's Letter (Alex writes you a Letter of Recommendation to give to Master Luther. Take it to him now!)
225	-1	[completed]
226	1	The Girl of Prophecy (Ancient revelations tell of a girl that will be born to save the world from the forces of darkness. A girl has been born who claims to be the saint described in the prophecy. Speak with Perrin in Gludin Village.)
226	2	Perrin's Bodyguard (Perrin's bodyguard has appeared! Kill him!)
226	3	The Evil Perrin (You've defeated Tatoma, Perrin's bodyguard. Listen to what Perrin has to say.)
226	4	The Ringleader (Perrin's companion, Allana is behind this. Find her.)
226	5	An Orphan Girl (Allana scoffs and claims she only saw such a girl once, in the orphanage near Gludio Castle.)
226	6	A Poor Orphanage (The orphanage is having serious financial difficulties. They could survive if only they had 100,000 Adena.)
226	7	A Girl of the Wastelands (The head of the orphanage gratefully accepts your 100,000 Adena. But one of the girls seems to be missing.)
226	8	A Mysterious Girl (Windy is a mysterious girl who talks to monsters. She says she'll return to the orphanage and asks you to go there first. Return to the orphanage.)
226	9	An Elf from Gludio (You haven't fond out anything about the saint, but an Elf from Gludio named Sorius might know something.)
226	10	Tracking the Followers of Shilen (The girl was kidnapped by the followers of Shilen. Meet Daurin Hammercrush in the western part of the Turek Orc Camp!)
226	11	Leto Lizardmen Hunting (Destroy the Leto Lizardmen! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardmen)
226	12	The First Secret Letter (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen and obtained the first secret letter! Return to Daurin.)
226	13	To the Obelisk! (The secret letter describes a ceremony that would take place at the obelisk in the Dark Elven Forest. You may find a clue there. Hurry up! Look for help on the way!)
226	14	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 1 (The mysterious Dark Elf has summoned new recruits! Kill them! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardman Assassins)
226	15	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 1 (You defeated the Leto Lizardmen. Now attack the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	16	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 2 (More recruits! Defeat them all! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardman Snipers)
226	17	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 2 (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen. Now attack the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	18	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 3 (More recruits! Kill the enemy one more time! Monsters to Hunt - Leto Lizardman Mystics, Leto Lizardman Lords)
226	19	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 3 (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen. This is the end! Keep attacking the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	20	Saint (The spell that imprisoned the saint has been broken. But where is the saint? Daurin's people may know. Look for clues nearby!)
226	21	Finding the Saint (The saint can be found in a tent near the Dark Elven Altar of Rites. Find her!)
226	22	The Duty of the Saint (The Goddess has begun to open her eyes. Kristina says she has things to do here and asks you to deliver a letter to Master Sorius on her behalf.)
226	23	Test of the Healer (Sorius thanks you for a job well done and promises to speak to Bandellos on your behalf. Return to Priest Bandellos.)
226	-1	[completed]
227	1	To Advance the Light (Do your part to make the world a better place. Use Disrupt Undead to defeat the Nameless Revenants who haunt the Execution Grounds. Monsters to Hunt - Nameless Revenants)
227	2	Aruraune (A strange entity has emerged among the Nameless Revenants! Kill it!  Monster to Hunt - Aruraune)
227	3	A Large Nail (Aruraune disappears after telling you that truth would soon be clear. Could this be what Priest Pupina was talking about?)
227	4	Shout From the Wilderness (The iron nail stuck in Aruraune's head is a tool for brainwashing. Is a temple injecting their religious doctrines directly into people's heads? Visit Preacher Sla in Wastelands to find the answer.)
227	5	Light for the Ol Mahum (One of Preacher Sla's disciples is a missionary for the Ol Mahum. Meet Katari near the waterfall in the Neutral Zone.)
227	6	Protect the Pilgrim (Some Ol Mahums have been reformed by the power of missionary work, but the Ol Mahum inspector is attacking them! Defend the Ol Mahum Pilgrims! Monster to Hunt - Ol Mahum Inspector)
227	7	Ol Mahum Divided by 2 (You've killed the Ol Mahum Inspector. Speak with Katari and the Ol Mahums again.)
227	8	Defeat the Betrayer! (There's a traitor among the Ol Mahum Pilgrims! Kill the betrayer! Monster to Hunt - Ol Mahum Betrayer)
227	9	Return to Katari (You've killed the Ol Mahum Betrayer. Return to Katari.)
227	10	Search for the Betrayer (The Betrayers may be somewhere else. Return to Preacher Sla and inform him that there are traitors!)
227	11	Scattered Disciples (The other Ol Mahums have split into three groups and are scattered throughout the land. First, meet with Kakan in southeastern Orc Village.)
227	12	Help the Ol Mahums! (Use your magic to help the Ol Mahums defeat vicious Crimson Werewolves. Remember: don't attack the creatures directly unless you can kill them with one strike!)
227	13	Return to Kakan (The Crimson Werewolves have been destroyed. Return to Kakan.)
227	14	Dwarven Village (A wise warrior knows when to retreat. Visit Nyakuri in the Dwarven Village.)
227	15	Slay the Lizardman! (You must defeat the Lizardman in melee combat, without the aid of magic! Monster to Hunt - Krudel Lizardman)
227	16	Return to Nyakuri (You have defeated the Krudel Lizardman. Return to Nyakuri.)
227	17	Talking Island (The Ol Mahums should be safe from Lizardmen attacks for some time. Meet Ramus near the waterfall on Talking Island.)
227	18	Preparing for a Memorial Service (Talking Island is a very beautiful place. Bone Fragments are needed for a memorial service that will be held here soon. Go to the Elven Ruins and bring a bone fragment from each type of Undead monster there. Monsters to Hunt - Skeleton Archers, Misery Skeletons, Skeleton Marksmen, Skeleton Lords, Silent Horrors)
227	19	Return to Ramus (You have collected the Bone Fragments needed for the memorial service. Return to Ramus.)
227	20	Letter from a Disciple (Ramus is satisfied that he can hold the memorial service safely and asks you to deliver a letter to his mentor. Return to Sla.)
227	-1	[completed]
228	1	A Mysterious Melody (A strange melody is only heard by those who have mastered elemental magic. Parina is the only one who knows it. You can find her in the temple of Gludin Village.)
228	2	Casian the Elder (The source of the song is most likely the Singing Flower, a legendary evil spirit. Casian should be able to tell you more about Singing Flowers, shouldn't he?)
228	3	Seed of the Singing Flower (Elder Casian informs you that there are several types of Singing Flowers. You must kill them all! Monsters to Hunt - Near Fellmere Lake: Singing Flower Phantasms Oren Territory,  The Gods' Falls Next to Ivory Tower: Singing Flower Nightmares South Puddle of Giran Castle Town: Singing Flower Darklings)
228	4	Seeds of the Singing Flowers (You've eliminated the Singing Flowers and collected all their seeds. Take them to Bard Rukal.)
228	5	Collecting Elemental Tones (You must have the Absolute Tone in order to grow a Millennium Flower. Find the Water Undine in Fellmere Lake, the Salamander of Flames in the Ruins of Despair, the Wind Sylph at the northwest entrance to the Wastelands and the Earth Snake in the Ruins of Agony. They have the Elemental Tones.)
228	6	Secret of the Tones (You've collected the tones of 4 spirits. Return to Rukal to create the Absolute Tone.)
228	-1	[completed]
229	1	Spirit of the Black Magi (The box contains the soul of Aklantoth, a Magus of the dark arts during the Elmoreden era. To open it, you must answer his riddle. Start at the Luxury Shop in Town of Giran.)
229	2	Six Treasures of Aklantoth (Three gems were sold at the auction. They were bought by Magister Iker and Dark Elf Kaira in the Town of Giran, and Grocer Lars in the Town of Dion, respectively. Ask Nestle in Gludin Village where the other gems are. You must collect all 6 gems.)
229	3	To Shadow Orim (You've collected all 6 gems. Now take them to Shadow Orim to have them put in the box.)
229	4	Evil Resurrected (Entranced by the whispers of a demon, Orim resurrects him. You must defeat him before he regains his power!)
229	5	Evil Gone Missing (The demon has disappeared! Return to Shadow Orim again.)
229	6	Sword of Seal and Bound Crystal (To seal the revived Drevanul Zeruel, you must have the Sword of Seal and a Soultrap Crystal. Sir Klaus Vasper in Gludin Village has the Sword of Seal and Magister Iker of Town of Giran has the Bound Crystal. Visit them!)
229	7	Sealing the Evil (You've obtained the Sword of Seal and Bound Crystal. Visit Shadow Orim and learn how to seal Drevanul Zeruel.)
229	8	Searching for Zeruel (Zeruel is probably disguised as a Human somewhere in Floran Village. He must be dealt with at once! Strike the final blow with the Sword of Seal!)
229	9	Zeruel Must Be Defeated! (Drevanul Zeruel's hiding place inside Fisherman Evert has at last been revealed! Kill him with the Sword of Seal!)
229	10	Sealing Evil (Zeruel has been defeated! Return to Shadow Orim.)
229	-1	[completed]
230	1	Making an Arcana Card (The Test of the Summoner is a competition between Summoners for Arcana Cards. Visit Trader Lars in the Town of Dion to make an Arcana Card.)
230	2	Beginning Arcana (Trader Lars will make you two Beginner's Arcanas if you bring the necessary items.)
230	3	A Battle of Summoners (You can challenge any Summoner, anytime, anywhere, with Arcana Cards. Summoners must only fight against  other Summoners and should never be confronted directly. One Arcana Card is consumed with each encounter. You can find Summoners in the following locations:   West of the Elven Ruins: Summoner Almors Near the south entrance of Wastelands: Summoner Basilla  A remote house of  Beehives: Summoner Camoniell ear the Mother Tree south of the Underground Fortress in the Elven Forest: Summoner Celestiel Cruma Marshlands: Summoner Belthus Gorgon Flower Garden: Summoner Brynthea.)
230	4	Test of the Summoner (You have collected six types of Arcana Cards from six Summoners. Take them to Head Summoner Galatea to receive a mark of her approval.)
230	-1	[completed]
231	1	The Elders' Recommendations (Lockirin explains that if you wish to become a Maestro, you must obtain the recommendations of three elders.)
231	2	Return to Lockirin (You've collected all three elders' recommendations. Return to Lockirin of the Iron Gate.)
231	-1	[completed]
232	1	Totems of the Five Tribes (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai says that you must meet the chiefs of all five tribes, except Hestui, and bring back their totems. The Atuba Chief, the Neruga Chief and the Urutu Chief can be found in the Royal Hall; the Duda-Mara Chief is in the Town of Oren and the Gandi Chief is in the Town of Dion.)
232	2	Return to the Flame Lord (You've received the five totems from the five chiefs. Return to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
232	3	Searching for an Ancestor (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai orders you to go to Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials. Pass his final test and then return.)
232	4	Kill the Ragna Orcs (Ancestor Martankus says that you must kill Ragna Orcs and bring their heads as proof. Monsters to Hunt - Ragna Orc Prefects, Ragna Orc Seers)
232	5	Return to Martankus (You've brought the heads of the Ragna Orcs and found  treasonous documents in their bodies. Take them to Ancestor Martankus.)
232	6	First Orc (You've done all that Ancestor Martankus asked of you. The very first Orc is coming to congratulate you personally! Will you meet with him?)
232	7	Return to Kakai (The first Orc tells you an ancient secret and encourages you to become a Lord of the tribe in the future. Return to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
232	-1	[completed]
233	1	Four Heroes' Ashes (Seer Somak orders you to recover the remains of the 4 warriors, Braki the Clever, Kiruna the Brave, Tonar the Super and Hermodt the Indomitable. Shadow Orim has the remains of Braki, Seer Racoy in Gludio Town has the remains of Kiruna, Seer Pekiron in the Town of Oren has the remains of Tonar and Seer Manakia in Giran Castle Town has Hermodt's remains.)
233	2	Return to the Seer (You've recovered the remains of the 4 heroes. Take them to Seer Somak.)
233	3	Gifts for the Ancestors (In order to please the ancestors one has to bring them rich gifts. Bring them 13 or more heads of Tamlin Orcs from the south of Aden.)
233	4	Return to Somak (You've collected 13 heads of Tamlin Orcs. Return to Somak.)
233	5	Ancestor Martankus (The heads of Tamlin Orcs are the best gifts for the ancestors. Visit Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials.)
233	-1	[completed]
257	1	War with the Primitive Tribe (The plan to move the people of Gludio to Talking Island has been announced. The island must be made safe for them. Eliminate the Orcs and werewolves and bring proof to the Lord. Then, you'll be rewarded. Hunt Orcs, Orc Archers, Orc Fighters, Orc Lieutenants, Orc Fighter Leaders, Werewolves, Werewolf Hunters and Werewolf Chieftains.)
257	-1	[completed]
258	1	Wolf Pelts (Sir Windawood asks Trader Lector to create leather equipment for the militia. Lector is a great tailor, but is short of materials. He asks you to collect 40 Wolf Pelts and bring them to him right away.)
258	2	Return to Trader Lector (You've collected 40 Wolf Pelts. Take them to Trader Lector so he can make leather armor for the militia.)
258	-1	[completed]
259	1	Establish a Ranch! (Edmond and his friend Marius want to build a ranch on Talking Island, but Giant Spiders are killing their livestock. They are offering rewards to hunters based on the number of spiders' husks that they bring back. If you take the husks to Marius, Edmond's partner, you will receive supplies. Hunt Giant Spiders, Blade Spiders and Talon Spiders.)
259	-1	[completed]
260	1	Hunt for Kaboo Orcs (The Kaboo Orcs in the Misty Mountains have begun attacking the Elven Forest. The Hierarch has ordered Sentinel Rayen to recruit warriors to battle them. The Hierarch will reward those who destroy Kaboo Orcs and come with the proof. Targets: Shadow of the Mother Tree: Kaboo Orc, Kaboo Orc Warrior Elven Forest: Kaboo Orc Archer, Kaboo Orc Warrior, Kaboo Orc Warrior Lieutenant, Kaboo Orc Warrior Captain)
260	-1	[completed]
261	1	Collect Spider Legs (Alshupes, a collector of unusual claws and pelts, is interested in Giant Spiders. He asks you to bring him 8 Legs of Crimson Spiders, Hook Spiders or Pincer Spiders.)
261	2	Return to Alshupes (You have collected 8 Legs of Giant Spiders. Take them to Alshupes to receive your reward.)
261	-1	[completed]
262	1	Spore Fungus (Trader Vollodos, who's had extensive dealing with the Mystics of the Ivory Tower, tells you that lately many Mystics are looking for Fungus Spores. He offers you a reward if you'll bring him Fungus Spores. He tells you that you can obtain spores by slaying spore fungi in the Dark Forest. Hunt Green Fungi and Blood Fungi.)
262	2	Return to Master Minia (You have collected 10 Spore Sacs. Take them to Trader Vollodos in the Dark Elf Village for a reward.)
262	-1	[completed]
263	1	Hunt for Balor Orcs (Balor Orcs have invaded the Dark Forest, and the Dark Elves are fiercely defending their territory from their former slaves. Defeat the Balor Orcs and bring proof to Sentry Kayleen for a reward. Hunt Balor Orc Archers, Balor Orc Fighters, Balor Orc Lieutenants and Balor Orc Fighter Leaders.)
263	-1	[completed]
264	1	Collect Claws (Trader Payne is a famous maker of arrowheads. Recently he was asked by Sir Kiel Nighthawk to make hooked arrows from wolf claws. In order to make the arrows in time, he needs someone to help him to collect the ingredients. Collect and bring him 50 Wolf Claws. Hunt Ashen Wolves and Goblins.)
264	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 50 Wolf Claws. Take them to Trader Payne so that he can make the arrows.)
264	-1	[completed]
265	1	Imp Shackles (The Imps were created to serve the Dark Elves, but recently have broken the spell that had been binding them and escaped into the woods. The Dark Elven Tetrarchs are preparing a spell to recapture the Imps, but they must have an Imp Shackle. Go to the Dark Elven Forest and take an Imp Shackle to Sentry Kristin. Hunt Imps and Imp Elders.)
265	-1	[completed]
266	1	Collect Fangs (The Queen of the Pixies is preparing a spell to protect nesting birds in the Elven Forest from Keltirs and Wolves. Pixy Murika has been ordered to collect the ingredients needed. She asks you to bring her 100 Red Keltir or Gray Wolf Fangs. She will reward you with a Sparkling Stone that was found in the forest. Hunt Young Red Keltirs, Red Keltirs, Elder Red Keltirs and Gray Wolves.)
266	2	Return to Master Minia (You have collected 100 Fangs. Take them to Pixy Murika so that the birds in the Elven Forest can be protected.)
266	-1	[completed]
267	1	Goblin Hunting (The Olen Treants guarding the Elven Forest seek revenge on the Goblins that damaged the forest. So far the sly goblins have managed to escape punishment. Treant Bremec asks for your help. Defeat the goblins and return the clubs that they stole to Treant Bremec and you shall be rewarded. Hunt the Goblin Raiders.)
267	-1	[completed]
271	1	Kasha Wolf Fang (Praetorian Rukain treats young Orcs as if they were children. He believes that those who wish to become Orc Fighters must prove their valor by hunting Kasha Wolves and bringing back 50 of their fangs.)
271	2	Return to Master Minia (You have taken 50 Fangs from the Kasha Wolves. You have done what it takes to become a brave Orc Fighter. Return to Praetorian Rukain and receive your Proof of Valor.)
271	-1	[completed]
272	1	The Terrible End of a Grave Robber (Seer Livina says that the spirits of the ancestors have been angered by repeated desecrations of Utuku graves by Goblin Grave Robbers. Kill the Goblin Grave Robbers and bring back 50 of their heads. Only then can Seer Livina perform a ritual that will calm the anger of the ancestors. You will find the Goblin Grave Robbers in the Valley of Heroes and the Goblin Tomb Raider Leaders on the northern Immortal Plateau.)
272	2	Return to Master Minia (You have collected 50 heads of Goblin Grave Robbers. Take them to Seer Livina.)
272	-1	[completed]
273	1	Rakeclaw Imp (Atuba Chief Varkees reports that Rakeclaw Imps have invaded the Immortal Plateau, polluting the Holy Land of the Orcs. He explains that Rakeclaw Imps were created and are being controlled by someone who uses witchcraft. Defeat the vile invaders and collect the Soulstones embedded in their hearts to find out who is controlling them. If you bring the Red Soul Stones back to Varkees, you'll receive a greater reward. In the Valley of Heroes you must kill Rakeclaw Imps and Rakeclaw Imp Hunters. On the northern Immortal Plateau, hunt Rakeclaw Imp Chieftains.)
273	-1	[completed]
274	1	Blood Relatives' Revenge (War has been declared against the Maraku Werewolves who have dared to kill the Pa'agrio Lord's messenger! They have sent the messenger's head to us in spite! Prefect Brukurse asks you to slay the Maraku Werewolves and to bring back forty of their heads.)
274	2	Return to Master Minia (You have collected 40 Maraku Werewolf Heads. Take them to Prefect Brukurse.)
274	-1	[completed]
275	1	Varangka's Messenger (Varangka is plotting the destruction of the Orc kingdom. He's using Darkwing Bats to spy on the Orcs. The Magisters have requested Darkwing Bat Fangs in order to protect their territories from the approaching beasts. Neruga Chief Tantus has asked that you hunt Darkwing Bats and bring back 70 of their Fangs. Hunt Darkwing Bats and Varangka's Trackers.)
275	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 70 Darkwing Bat Fangs that can be used to stop Varangka's influence. Take them to Neruga Chief Tantus and set up a magic force field that will block Varangka's spell.)
275	-1	[completed]
276	1	Purification of the Grizzlies (Many Gray Bears on the Immortal Plateau have recently become possessed with the evil spirit of Kasha, the spirit of death and decay. This worries Seer Tanapi, who explains that the Gray Bear is the protective totem of the Hestui Orc tribe. He asks you to kill the possessed Gray Bears and put their souls to rest. While hunting Kasha Bears, you will run into the Kasha Bear Totem Spirit. Kill it and take the proof to Seer Tanapi. Hunt Kasha Bears and Kasha Bear Totem Spirits.)
276	2	Return to Master Minia (You've acquired the Kasha's Crystal! Take it to the Seer Tanapi.)
276	-1	[completed]
277	1	Collect Starstones (Gatekeeper Tamil says that in order to complete his teleport magic, he needs the aid of the Totem Spirit of the spider. To get this, he must make regular offerings. He asks you to collect 20 Starstones from the Greystone Golems. Target: Greystone Golem)
277	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 20 Starstones by knocking down Greystone Golem. Bring them to Gatekeeper Tamil and have a new ritual ceremony.)
277	-1	[completed]
292	1	Goblin Hunting (Elder Spiron of the Golden Wheel Guild says that his guild has suffered extensive trade losses recently because of Goblin Brigands, and asks you to purge them from the mountains. Defeat the Goblins, collect their necklaces and bring them back for a reward. Hunt Goblin Snoopers, Goblin Brigands, Goblin Brigand Lieutenants, Goblin Brigand Leaders and the Goblin Lord.)
292	2	Suspicious Contract (When you re-assemble the pieces of the memo, you see that it's a contract between the Silver Scale Guild and a bandit. Elder Spiron of the Golden Wheel Guild and Balanki of the Silver Scale Guild would both find this very interesting... Or you can just keep hunting. Hunt the Goblin Snoopers, Goblin brigands, Goblin Brigand Lieutenants, Goblin Brigand Leaders and the Goblin Lord.)
292	-1	[completed]
293	1	Peridot (Elder Filaur of the Gray Pillar Guild asks you for help in searching for hidden Chrysolite Veins. Defeat the Utuku Orcs and bring the Chrysolite Ore they possess to receive a reward. Also collect the four pieces of the map that reveals the location of the vein, and take them to Maphr Priestess Chichirin who will put them together for you. Then, take the map to Elder Filaur to claim a great reward. Hunt Utuku Orcs, and Utuku Orc Grunts in Frozen Valley. Hunt Utuku Orc Archers in the Western Mining Zone.)
293	-1	[completed]
294	1	Hardin's Request (The notorious Black Mage Hardin has asked the Bronze Key Guild to gather Bat Fangs. For unknown reasons Elder Keef has accepted this request and begun covert dealings with Hardin. Hardin has asked them to slay Blade Bats or Barbed Bats and bring back 100 of their fangs. It's dirty work, but the warriors of the guild are happy to do it. You must be very discreet. Hunt Blade Bats and Barbed Bats.)
294	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 100 Bat Fangs. Hurry and take them to Elder Keef of the Bronze Key Guild before anyone sees you.)
294	-1	[completed]
295	1	Collect Floating Stones (Elder Arin, leader of the Black Anvil Guild, has long dreamed of mastering the technology of the Titans and developing the ultimate flying machine. He requires research materials. He asks you to collect 50 Floating Stones and bring them to him. These stones may be obtained by hunting Magical Weavers.)
295	2	Return to Arin (You have collected 50 Floating Stones. Take them to Elder Arin of the Black Anvil Guild in Dwarven Village to claim your reward.)
295	-1	[completed]
296	1	Material for Formal Wear (The king of Elmore has requested the best spider silk formal wear to be made for the emissaries that are being dispatched to Aden. Trader Mion, a tailor from the Silver Scale Guild, doesn't have enough material and asks you to collect Tarantula Spider Silk. Kill the Hunter Tarantulas and Plunder Tarantulas and bring back their silk for a reward. Spider Silk may also be acquired by taking Tarantula Spinnerettes to Defender Nathan. Monsters to Hunt - Hunter Tarantulas and Plunder Tarantulas.)
296	-1	[completed]
297	1	Collect Starstones (Gatekeeper Wirphy of the Dwarven Village is made from the technology of ancient giants. She is exhausted after teleporting a large group of traders. She asks you to collect 20 Starstones, the ancient giants' source of energy, and bring them to her. Hunt the Whinstone Golems.)
297	2	Wirphy's Energy Source (You have obtained 20 Starstones. Take them to Gatekeeper Wirphy in Dwarven Village.)
297	-1	[completed]
300	1	Leto Lizardmen Hunting (Leto Lizardmen carry out an odd ritual on Plains of the Lizardmen in Oren. You have to kill all of the Lizardmen except for the Shaman without interrupting the ritual. Targets:  Leto Lizardman, Leto Lizardman Archer, Leto Lizardman Overlord, Leto Lizardman Warrior)
300	2	End of lizardmen bracelet collection (You've got all of the evidence of your Leto Lizardmen hunt. Take them to Guard Rath in Giran.)
300	-1	[completed]
303	1	Tunath Orcs' Bow (Master Minia of the Fighters Guild is a collector of odd weapons. She has recently become interested in the weaponry of the Tunath Orc Marksmen, and asks you to retrieve their arrowheads in the Elven Ruins.)
303	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 10 Arrowheads from Tunath Orc Marksmen. Take them to Master Minia of the Fighters Guild in Talking Island Village.)
303	-1	[completed]
306	1	Soulstone Fragment (Trader Katerina specializes in jewelry. She asks you to go to the Elven Ruins and collect Soul Ore Shards, which were used by ancient Elven mystics. Hunt Salamanders and Undines in the Elven Ruins to obtain Flame Shards and Ice Shards respectively. Hunt Salamanders, Salamander Elders, Salamander Nobles, Undines, Undine Elders and Undine Nobles.)
306	-1	[completed]
313	1	Research of Spores (The Elven Forest is being slowly contaminated by the poisonous Sea of Spores. The Elven Hierarachs are researching a neutralizer with the aid of Trader Herbiel. Herbiel asks for Spore Powder, essential to the research. Collect 10 Spore Sacs from Spore Fungi found in the Elven Forest and take them to Herbiel.)
313	2	Return to Trader Herbiel (You've collected 10 Spore Sacs. Take them to Trader Herbiel of the Elven Village so that they can be used for spore research.)
313	-1	[completed]
316	1	Destroy Plague Carriers (The Ratmen, known by Elves as "the plague carriers," were responsible for an epidemic in the Elven Forest and once fought on the side of the Dark Elves. Understandably, the Elves harbor great bitterness towards them. Master Ellenia asks you to kill the Ratmen that are nesting in the Elven Underground Fortress. You must especially destroy Varool Foulclaw, their boss, and bring her back his fangs as proof. She has promised you a reward. Hunt the Sukar Wererats, the Sukar Wererat Leaders and Varool Foulclaw.)
316	-1	[completed]
317	1	The Spirit of the Storm (Lireins, the spirits of the storm, possess a soulstone known as Wind Crystal in their bodies. Rizraell asks you to collect them to create the Scroll of the Wind. You will find Lireins near the Neutral Zone towards the end of the Elven Forest. Hunting targets -  Lirein, Lirein Elder)
317	-1	[completed]
319	1	Special Fertilizer (Trader Minaless, who grows herbs on the side, has recently been growing a flower called Nightshade. This plant requires a special fertilizer known as Zombie Dust. You must have Zombie Skin in order to create Zombie Dust. Trader Minaless asks you to go to the Marshlands south of the Dark Forest, slay the Marsh Zombies and bring back 5 Zombie Skins.)
319	2	Return to Trader Minaless (You've obtained 5 Zombie Skins as requested. Deliver them to Trader Minaless in Dark Elf Village.)
319	-1	[completed]
320	1	Dead Men's Bones (Tetrarch Kaitar tells the future by throwing the bones of the Undead. He performs a monthly reading to predict any imminent threat to the Dark Elves. He needs more Bone Fragments of the Undead and asks you to go and collect 10 of them for him. You can obtain them by going to the School of Dark Arts and slaying Skeletons.)
320	2	Return to Tetrarch Kaitar (You have collected 10 Bone Fragments from the Undead Skeletons. Take them to Tetrarch Kaitar and claim your reward.)
320	-1	[completed]
324	1	Dreviant Wine (Astaron explains that Dreviant Wine is brewed from spider venom. He asks that you obtain 10 Spider Venom Sacs which are the most difficult to find among the ingredients he needs. Hunting targets - Venomous Spider, Trimden, Prowler.)
324	2	Return to Astaron (You've collected 10 Spider Venom sacs. Take them to Astaron so he can make Dreviant Wine.)
324	-1	[completed]
325	1	Collecting Corpses (While discussing the ruins, Guard Curtis speaks of some good work and tells you about Samed. Visit Samed and talk about Curtis. You'll be asked to run an errand.)
325	-1	[completed]
326	1	War with the Ol Mahums (The Black Lion Mercenaries, hired by the Lord of Gludio to dispose of the Ol Mahums, have performed very poorly. Having suffered massive losses, they are recruiting skilled fighters to join their battle against the Ol Mahums. Defeat the Pl Mahums and collect their badges as proof. Leopold will reward you. Monsters to Hunt - Ol Mahum Patrols, Ol Mahum Guards, Ol Mahum Stragglers, Ol Mahum Shooters, Ol Mahum Officers, Ol Mahum Recruits, Ol Mahum Suppliers, Ol Mahum Sergeants, and Ol Mahum Generals.)
326	-1	[completed]
327	1	Turek Orc Hunting (Turek Orcs have infested the previously fertile farmland northwest of Gludio. On behalf of the farmers of Gludio, Farmer Piotur is recruiting mercenaries to drive out the Orcs from their stolen farmland. Slay the Turek Orcs, collect the proofs and take them to Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	2	Piotur's Mercenary (Kill all the Turek Orcs and take proof to Farmer Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	3	Turek Orc Hunting (Slay the Turek Orcs, collect the proofs and take them to Farmer Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	4	Relics of the Empire (Kill Turek Orcs, take the Relics of the Empire, sell them to the store or bring them to the relics expert. Guard Leikan in Gludin can tell you all about the relic expert)
327	5	Relics Expert (According to Leikan, the only person in Gludin Village interested in Relics of the Empire is Trader Asha.)
327	-1	[completed]
328	1	Find the Magical Ingredients (Grocer Sarien sells rare magical ingridients to the Ivory Tower of Oren. He tells you that you can acquire Monster Eye's Lens in the Wastelands. He also asks you to retrieve Monster Eye's Meat and Basilisk's Gizzard. Monsters to hunt - Monster Eye Watcher, Monster Eye Watchman, Monster Eye Patrol, Monster Eye Destroyer, Lesser Basilisk, Basilisk)
328	-1	[completed]
329	1	Golem's Stoneheart (Dwarven Trader Rolento is interested in studying the internal structure and activation methods of golems. He's especially interested in their power source, and asks you to obtain a piece of stone that is known as "Heart Stone." It can be obtained from Granite Golems or Punchers. Monsters to Hunt - Ounchers and Granite Golems.)
329	-1	[completed]
331	1	Death Arrow (Guard Belton burns for revenge after losing his family to the Land Dragon, Antharas. He is making a special arrow with Harpy Feather, Medusa Venom, and Wyrm's Tooth in order to slay the dragon. He asks you to help him collect the ingredients. Monsters to Hunt -  Harpy, Medusa, Wyrm)
331	-1	[completed]
333	1	War Mission (Sophya, the captain of the Black Lion Mercenaries, asks that you help to rid the Town of Dion of monsters. Eliminate the Undead on the Execution Grounds, the Ol Mahums in the Partisan's Hideaway, the Delu Lizardmen on the southern shores and the Marsh Stakato in the Cruma Marshlands.)
333	-1	[completed]
344	1	Expedition Things (Antharas Watchman Gilmore wants the warriors who fought against Antharas a thousand years ago but died and turned into zombies to rest in peace at last. He asked you to destroy Cave Servants and collect the Articles of Dead Heroes. Targets: Cave Servant, Cave Servant Archer, Cave Servant Warrior, Cave Servant Captain, Royal Cave Servant)
344	2	Item transaction (You've collected all of the 1000 of Articles of Dead Heroes. Now return to Antharas Watchman Gilmore./n)
344	-1	[completed]
348	1	The Search Begins (A mysterious vortex has appeared over the Tower of Insolence!)
348	2	Proof of Skills (Magister Hanellin asks you to go to the Seal of Shilen, kill Crimson Drakes and Kadios there and find the Shell of Monsters. Targets: Crimson Drake, Kadios.)
348	3	Shell of Monsters (You have obtained the Shell of Monsters. Go back to Magister Hanellin)
348	4	A Serious Investigation (You have been trusted with activation of a teleportation device called Angelic Vortex that is located in the Tower of Insolence.)
348	5	Gathering of Holy Relics (Magister Hanellin asks you to talk to Claudia Athebaldt from Aden.  She will tell you about one of Holy Relic's whereabouts. It will be marked with a red flag on the map. (If the flag has been there before you found the Relic, go back to Claudia Athebaldt, and it will appear again.) Your task is to get the Relic at any cost.)
348	6	Magister Hanellin (You got the Relic. Go back to Magister Hanellin in Aden and ask her to activate Angelic Vortex.)
348	7	Studying Relics (Hanellin asks you to go to the Store and purchase Major Healing Potion.)
348	8	The Destruction of Platinum Tribe (Magister Hanellin asks you to kill Platinum Tribe Shamans or Perfects and get 100 of White Cloth. Hunting targets - Platinum Tribe Shaman, Platinum Tribe Prefect)
348	9	To Kill Angels (Magister Hanellin asks you to kill Guardian Angels or Seal Angels and get 1000 of White Cloth. Hunting targets - Guardian Angel, Seal Angel)
348	10	Blood-stained Cloth (You have collected 100 of White Cloth by killing Platinum Tribesmen. Go back to Magister Hanellin in Aden.)
348	11	Blood-stained Cloth (You have collected 1000 of White Cloth by killing Angels. Go back to Magister Hanellin in Aden.)
348	-1	[completed]
354	1	Kill the Monsters of the Alligator Island (Morita, who wants to found a new trade city on the Alligator Island, promised you a generous reward if you can help him clear the area from monsters. You need to bring him proof of death: Alligator Teeth. Targets:  Crokian Lad, Dailaon Lad, Crokian Lad Warrior, Crokian Lad Shaman, Nos Lad, Nos.)
354	2	Ending of the monster killing quest (You've collected 400 Alligator Teeth. Go back to Morita now.)
354	-1	[completed]
355	1	Return the stolen antiques! (Trader Galibredo from Oren is a noble person even though he's working as a trader now. He's spent a substantial amount of money to buy the works of an ancient sculptor Berona, but he was attacked on the way home and the Orcs have taken all of the statues. He's very upset with the loss but most of all he wants to get back the Galfredo Romer's Bust.  Targets:  Timak Orcs Warriors, Chiefs and Shamans)
355	-1	[completed]
356	1	Colleting the Spores (Magister of the Ivory Tower Gauen is studying the Sea of Spores. He thinks it is necessary to study the very nature of the Sea of Spores, so he asked you to get him 100 Animal and Plant Spores. Try to get 100 Spores of one type first... Targets:  Rotting Tree, Spore Zombie)
356	2	Continue the gathering? Or come back? (One of the Spore Sacs is full. You can start filling another Sac or come back now. Magister Gauen is waiting for you in the Ivory Tower. Targets: Rotting Tree, Spore Zombie)
356	3	Go back to Gauen (Two Spore Sacs are full. Go back to Magister Gauen in the Ivory Tower.)
356	-1	[completed]
358	1	Blessing of the Skies (Priest Ruvard asked you to destroy Shilen's minions doing evil in the name of the Goddess of Destruction. Kill her servants near the Seal of Shilen, collect 520 samples of Snake Scales and bring them to Ruvard. Targets:  Palibati, Trives.)
358	2	Go back to Priest Ruvard (You have gathered 520 samples of Snake Scales. Go back to Priest of Aden Ruvard.)
358	-1	[completed]
360	1	Attack the suppliers! (You agreed to take part in the extermination of monsters that violated the tombs of the heroes of the kingdom. You have to attack the suppliers, seize the enemy supplies and take them to Priest Ruvard of Aden. Targets:  Taik Orc Watchman, Taik Orc Supply Officer)
360	2	Go back to Priest Ruvard (You have gathered 500 boxes of enemy supplies. Go back to the Priest Ruvard of Aden.)
360	-1	[completed]
369	1	Soulstone Shards (Magister Nell is researching the Forgotten Temple. She asks you to search for Soulstone Shards. Obtain 200 Shards. Targets:  Undine Lakin, Undine Rowin, Watchman Of Water, Salamander Lakin, Salamander Rowin and Watchman of Fire.)
369	2	Return to Nell (You have collected the Soulstone Shards. Take them to Magister Nell in Gludin Village.)
369	-1	[completed]
370	1	Find Kranvel's Spellbook (Great Magus Kranvel's spellbook has been opened for the upcoming fight with Beleth. The magic power emanating from the book has destroyed fertile farmland and produced weird and grotesque creatures. Filled with rage and grief, Spellsinger Diena destroyed the magus's spellbook. Rumor says it is now located in the Ant Nest. Elder Casian wishes to open Great Magus Kranvel's spellbook again. Obtain the Great Magus Kranvel's spellbook so he can recultivate the Wastelands. Kill Ant Recruits, Ant Patrols, Ant Guards, Noble Ants and Noble Ant Leaders.)
370	-1	[completed]
374	1	Know the future (Vanutu the Seer has had a vision. In order to figure out the meaning and see the future the Seer asked you to get the following: Cave Beast Tooth (360 pcs.) and Death Wave Light (360 pcs.). Targets:  Cave Beast, Death Wave.)
374	2	Collect the materials required for prophecy (You've collected enough Cave Beast Teeth and Death Wave Lights. Get back to Vanutu the Seer now.)
374	3	Sealed Mysterious Stone (Get a Sealed Mysterious Stone and go to Dwarven Trader Galman from the Dragon Valley. (In order to get Divine Power you need to get all of the ingredients) Targets:  Cave Beast, Death Wave.)
374	4	Mysterious Stone (Show the Mysterious Stone to Vanutu the Seer near the entrance to Antharas' Lair.)
374	-1	[completed]
375	1	Doom Path (In order to better understand the future Vanutu the Seer asked you to obtain the following: Limal Karinness Blood (325 pcs.) and Karik Horns (325 pcs.). Targets:  Limal Karinness, Karik.)
375	2	Collect the special materials (You obtained Limal Karinness Blood and Karik Horns (325 pcs.). Return to Priest Vanutu.)
375	-1	[completed]
401	1	The Trial Begins (A quest that must be completed to become a Warrior. Tell Master Aymus that you wish to become a Warrior, and he will tell you to first visit Trader Simplon in the Town of Gludio and find the 'Sword of Trial.')
401	2	Test of Spirit (To obtain the Sword of Trial, you must carry out a task for Trader Simplon. Fight the Tracker Skeletons in the Ruins of Agony and return with 10 of their Rusted Swords.)
401	3	Return to Trader Simplon (You have obtained 10 Rusted Swords. Now, take them to Trader Simplon in the Town of Gludio.)
401	4	Nature of the Sword of Trial (What a surprise! The Rusted Sword and the Sword of Trial are the same! Well, since you have them, take them to Master Auron in Gludin Village.)
401	5	Trial of a Warrior (You must defeat Venomous Spiders using the Sword of Trial, and then collect and bring back 20 of their legs! They can be found on Windmill Hill in the southern plains of the village. Hunting targets - Giant Venomous Spider, Trimden.)
401	6	Return to Auron (Take the 20 Spider Legs to Master Auron in Gludin Village.)
401	-1	[completed]
402	1	Trial of an Apprentice Human Knight (A quest that must be completed to become a Knight. Squires must travel to Gludin Village, the Town of Gludio, and Talking Island Village and run errands for captains and high priests. Gather three or more Coins of Lords.)
402	-1	[completed]
403	1	The Trial Begins (A quest that must be completed to become a Rogue. Find Captain Bezique and tell him you wish to become a Rogue. He says that in order to earn his respect, you must catch one of the thieves. He suggests you meet with Neti.)
403	2	Neti's Test (In order to catch an elusive band of thieves you must act quickly to hunt for Skeletons, using only the Dagger and Bow you received from Neti. Hunt the Skeletons and Spartois in the Ruins of Agony and collect 10 Spartoi's Bones. You will get these bones by killing Skeleton Trackers, Skeleton Tracker Captains, Skeleton Scouts, Skeleton Bowmen, Ruin Spartoi and Raging Spartoi.)
403	3	Return to Neti (You have collected 10 Spartoi's Bones. Now take them to Neti in Gludin Village.)
403	4	Neti's Recognition (Take the Horseshoe of Light you obtained from Neti to Captain Bezique.)
403	5	Subjugation of Cat's Eye Bandits (Captain Bezique has ordered you to defeat the Cat's Eye Bandits near the Abandoned Camp and recover some stolen goods. Using the weapons Neti gave you, defeat them and recover the stolen items.)
403	6	Return to Captain Bezique (You have defeated the bandits and recovered the stolen goods. Now, return to Captain Bezique of Gludin Village.)
403	-1	[completed]
404	1	Heart of Flame (A quest that must be completed to become a Wizard. Parina asks that you find tokens which symbolize earth, fire, water, and wind. Go to the Ruins of Despair and meet the Fire Spirit Salamander.)
404	2	Key of Flame (The Key of Flame once kept by the Fire Spirit Salamander has been stolen. Go to the northwest corner of the Ruins of Despair, slay the Ratman Warriors there and recover the Key of Flame.)
404	3	Flame Salamander (You have recovered the Key of Flame from the Ratman Warriors. Return it to the Fire Spirit Salamander in the Ruins of Despair.)
404	4	Air Sylphid (Your curiosity knows no bounds! Your endless quest for knowledge is not unlike the wandering wind... Your next teacher shall be the Wind Sylph, located at the northwestern entrance of the Wastelands.)
404	5	Silence the Noise of Lizardman (The Wind Sylph complains to you that the racket created by the lizardman who recently appeared in the south of the Wastelands has made it impossible for her to hear the wind. Go meet with him and ask him not to make so much noise.)
404	6	Talk to Sylph (Lizardman apologizes for the noise, and gives you a Wind Feather which seems to belong to a Wind Sylph. Take the feather to its owner.)
404	7	Water Undine (Your pursuit of knowledge has led to a time of contemplation and reflection. Contemplation of acquired knowledge is much like water. Your next teacher shall be the Water Undine. You will find her near Fellmere Lake.)
404	8	Water Seer (The Water Undine asks you to defeat the Water Seer that is disturbing the energy of the water. The beast looks like an eye, and is located across the lake. Then, as proof, bring back two Sparkling Pebbles.)
404	9	Return to Undine (Take the two Sparkling Pebbles you have obtained to the Water Undine across the lake.)
404	10	Earth Snake (The time for reflection is over. You must now strengthen your resolve by learning the Path of the earth. Your next teacher will be Earth Snake, found north of the Ruins of Agony.)
404	11	Red Soil (The Earth Snake asks that you collect Red Soil containing the life energy of the earth from the Red Bears in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds between the Ruins of Agony and Windy Hill.)
404	12	Let's Return to the Earth Snake (Take the Red Soil to the Earth Snake in the Ruins of Agony and obtain a Token of Earth.)
404	13	Path of the Human Wizard (You now have all four tokens. You are well along the path to enlightenment. Now you must visit Parina in Gludin Village to continue the Path of the Wizard.)
404	-1	[completed]
405	1	Proof of Faith (A quest that must be completed to become a Cleric. Tell Priest Zigaunt that you wish to become a Cleric, and he will ask you to prove your pure faith. To do this, you must remove all inappropriate books that criticize the current order. The first rumors about those books appeared in the Town of Gludio. Go there and ask Trader Simplon about the book, 'Understanding of Miracles.' Then recover all the books the trader has sold.)
405	2	Recovery of Inappropriate Books (You have recovered all five books. Now take them to Priest Zigaunt of the Temple of Einhasad in Gludin Village.)
405	3	Meeting with the Author - Part 1 (Although you now have all the books available, as long as the author lives more may be produced. Go and find a former priest named Lionel. It is said that he is in hiding somewhere on Talking Island.)
405	4	Knowledge that Should Be Hidden (Lionel explains that although he believes in his books, he does not wish to anger the powers-that-be in the temple. He promises not to write any more books if you will take the remaining books to Grand Magister Gallint in the Einhovant School of Magic located on Talking Island.)
405	5	Meeting with the Author - Part 2 (Gallint says he knew it was going to be like this, and accepts the book. Now go back to Lionel.)
405	6	The Final Test Is Complete (You have received Lionel's promise not to author any more books. Now return to Priest Zigaunt in the Temple of Einhasad in Gludin Village.)
405	-1	[completed]
406	1	Testimony of Sorius (A quest that must be completed to become an Elven Knight. Tell Master Sorius that you wish to become an Elven Knight. He will order you to go to the Ruins of Agony and defeat the Undead to collect pieces of Topaz. The Undead will include Tracker Skeletons, Tracker Skeleton Leaders, Skeleton Scouts, Skeleton Bowmen, and Raging Spartoi.)
406	2	Let's Return to Master Sorius (You've collected 20 fragments of Topaz. Go back to Master Sorius of the Town of Gludio.)
406	3	Elven Knight Brooch (The Topaz pieces are used to make an Elven Knight Brooch, the proof of an Elven Knight. Take them to Blacksmith Kluto of Gludin Village.)
406	4	Blacksmith's Request (Kluto says that he will make you the brooch if you go to the Abandoned Camp, kill Ol Mahum Novices and bring back 20 Gemstones.)
406	5	Return to Kluto (You've collected 20 fragments of Emerald. Bring them to Blacksmith Kluto of Gludin Village.)
406	6	Elven Knight Brooch (The gemstones you have collected will be turned into a brooch for future Elven Knights. The gemstones collected by former Elven Knight applicants will shine in your heart. After receiving the Kluto Box, return to Master Sorius of the Town of Gludio.)
406	-1	[completed]
407	1	The Trial Begins (A quest that must be completed to become an Elven Scout. In order to become an Elven Scout, Master Reisa tells you to prove your skills by finding Guard Moretti's lost friend.)
407	2	Missing Friend (Guard Moretti's friend Prias disappeared while trying to elude an Ol Mahum Patrol. Confront the Ol Mahum Patrol and find out what you can regarding Prias' whereabouts.)
407	3	Return to Moretti (You recovered torn pieces of a letter from the Ol Mahum Patrols. Take them to Guard Moretti of the Town of Gludio.)
407	4	Find Prias (You find out that Prias was kidnapped and taken to the Neutral Zone of the Elven Forest. Due to the impending invasion of Ol Mahums, Guard Moretti cannot leave his post to look for his friend. He asks you to go and rescue Prias.)
407	5	Take Away the Key (Prias is bound in shackles. Kill the Ol Mahum Sentry, take his key and unlock the shackles.)
407	6	Release Prias (You have secured the key from the Ol Mahum Sentry. Free Prias from his shackles.)
407	7	Reply Letter From Prias (Prias was grateful to receive Moretti's herb. He tells you that he must complete his mission. He asks you to give his regards to Moretti.)
407	8	Honorary Guard (Moretti gives you Moretti's Letter as a reward for rescuing Prias. Show it to Reisa.)
407	-1	[completed]
408	1	Jewel Collection (A quest that must be completed to become an Elven Wizard. Rosella tells you that to become an Elven Wizard, you must collect the jewels that represent each of the four elements: water, fire, wind and earth. She hands you the Fertility Peridot, which symbolizes earth, and asks you to find the rest.)
408	-1	[completed]
409	1	Saint (A quest that must be completed to become an Oracle. Tell Priest Manuel that you wish to become an Oracle. He tells you about the Revelation of the Torch, and asks you to investigate the truth about the recent appearance of a miraculous girl near the lighthouse in Gludin Harbor.)
409	2	Girl Shaking in Fear (You have met Allana. She seems afraid...)
409	3	Girl Shaking in Fear (Mysterious Lizardmen attempted to catch Allana. You defeated them and obtained the Lizard Captain Order. Ask Allana about the situation again.)
409	4	Girl's Request (Allana explains that she has the ability to cure her younger sister's illness. She asks you to meet an old man named Perrin who gave her this ability and get her money back.)
409	5	The Evil Perrin (You have defeated Tamil, guard of the evil Perrin. Interrogate him.)
409	6	Let's Return to Allana (You retrieved Allana's money from Perrin. Take it to her. You will find her near the lighthouse.)
409	7	Manuel's Urgent Business (Priest Manuel of the Town of Gludio has contacted you through the crystal for emergency. Go meet him quickly.)
409	8	Pursued Girl (You receive a tip that Mercenary Lizardmen were hired to kidnap the girl of prophecy. Hurry to the lighthouse in Gludin Harbor and protect her.)
409	9	Results of Prophecy (You could not save the girl's younger brother. Return to Priest Manuel and tell him.)
409	-1	[completed]
410	1	Ritual of 13 Skulls (A quest that must be completed to become a Palus Knight. Master Virgil asks that you capture the 'Gaze of Abyss' through a trial in order to become a Palus Knight. He says you must then go to the Neutral Zone and bring back 13 Lycanthrope Skulls needed for the 13 Skull Ceremony. This will fulfill the first stage of the trial.)
410	2	Return to Master Virgil (You have collected all 13 skulls. Go to Master Virgil of the Town of Gludio and find out about the second trial.)
410	3	Ritual of Red Coffin (The second trial involves making a red coffin. Visit Abyssal Celebrant Kalinta of the Dark Elf Guild in Gludin Village.)
410	4	Coffin of Eternal Rest (The trial requires you to make a coffin. You must go to Windmill Hill south of the Village of Gludin and obtain one Giant Venomous Spider's Carapace and five units of Trimden Silk. Hunting targets -  Giant Venomous Spider, Trimden)
410	5	Return to Kalinta (You have obtained all the ingredients to make the Coffin of Eternal Rest. Take them to Abyssal Celebrant Kalinta of the Dark Elf Guild in Gludin Village and ask her to make the coffin for you.)
410	6	Return to Master Virgil (By carving your name on the coffin, you have become its true owner. Now, take it and return to Master Virgil in the Town of Gludio.)
410	-1	[completed]
411	1	Towards the Altar of Rites (A quest that must be completed to become an Assassin. To become an Assassin, Triskell asks you to prove your skills by helping Witch Arkenia who can be found at the Altar of Rites.)
411	2	In Search of Shilen's Tears (Witch Arkenia asks you to recover Shilen's Tears that were stolen from her. You can get more information about the theft from Guard Leikan in Gludin Village. Go and see him.)
411	3	Leikan's Request (Guard Leikan tells you that if you obtain 10 Moonstone Beast's Molars for him, he will tell you who stole Shilen's Tears.)
411	4	Return to Leikan (You have obtained 10 Moonstone Beast's Molars. Take them to Guard Leikan in Gludin Village.)
411	5	Shilen's Tears (Guard Leikan tells you that the thief who stole Shilen's Tears is an Orc named Calpico. You will find him near the School of Dark Arts. Kill him and recover Shilen's Tears.)
411	6	The Altar of Rites (You defeated Calpico. Take Shilen's Tears to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites.)
411	7	Recommendation of Witch Arkenia (You have returned Shilen's Tears to Witch Arkenia for which she gave you a Recommendation to become an Assassin. Take it to Triskel in the Town of Gludio.)
411	-1	[completed]
412	1	Four Seeds (A quest that must be completed to become a Dark Wizard. Witch Varika speaks of the four seeds representing anger, despair, horror, and lunacy. One who obtains them all may become a Dark Wizard. She gives you a Seed of Despair and asks you to find the rest.)
412	-1	[completed]
413	1	Two Books (A quest that must be completed to become a Shillien Oracle. Magister Sidra explains that in order to become a Shilien Oracle you must acquire two books written in ancient runes: the Garmiel's book and the Andariel book. First you must visit Magister Talbot in Gludin Village, and learn how to obtain the Garmiel's book.)
413	2	Bloody Rune (Magister Talbot asks you to slay Dark Succubi and bring back 5 Bloody Runes. You will find those abominations in a spider nest west of the Altar of Rites. In return he will compile the Garmiel Book for you. Monsters to Hunt: Dark Succubi.)
413	3	Return to Talbot (You have collected all 5 Bloody Runes. Return to Magister Talbot in Gludin Village and ask him to make the Garmiel Book for you.)
413	4	Another Book (You have obtained the Garmiel book from Magister Talbot. Now you must obtain the Andariel book from Priest Adonius at Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village.)
413	5	Ritual of Atonement? (Priest Adonius promises you that if you slay the Skeletons and Zombies in the Ruins of Despair and bring back 10 Ashen Bones, he will give you a copy of the Andariel Book. You should hunt Skeleton Infantrymen, Shield Skeletons, Zombie Soldiers and Zombie Warriors.)
413	6	Return to Adonius (You have collected 10 Ashen Bones. Return to Priest Adonius at Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village and receive a copy of the Andariel Book.)
413	7	Shillien Oracle (You have obtained the Andariel Book from Priest Adonius. Return to Magister Sidra.)
413	-1	[completed]
414	1	Defeat Ratman Leader (A quest that must be completed to become an Orc Raider. Prefect Karukia says that Orc Raiders must prove that their courage and loyalty are without fault. To prove your courage you must destroy the Goblins and their Kuruka Ratmen helpers that are ruining this land. Kill Goblin Tomb Raider Leaders and Kuruka Ratman Leaders.)
414	2	Return to Prefect Karukia (You have killed all the Kuruka Ratman Leaders. Now, return to Prefect Karukia of Orc Village.)
414	3	Kill the Betrayers! (Prefect Karukia orders you to kill two traitors who betrayed their tribe and went into hiding with the Umbar tribe. Take their heads and go to Prefect Kasman of Gludin Village. Read the betrayer's report and by using the information in it, and slay the Orc Betrayers!)
414	4	Visit Prefect Kasman (You have slain the betrayerous Orc who hid out with the Umbar tribe. Take the head to Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village.)
414	5	Schuttgart (Go to Prefect Tazeer of Schuttgart. He will advise you on what to do.)
414	6	Defeat the Timora Orc! (Prefect Tazeer tells you to kill the Orc, Timora, the betrayer, who is hiding among the Ragna Orcs. Return with the traitor's head.)
414	7	Return to Tazeer (You have claimed the Orc Timora's head. Return to Prefect Tazeer in the Town of Schuttgart.)
414	-1	[completed]
415	1	Find Khavatari Rosheek (A quest that must be completed to become a Monk. Gantaki Zu Urutu will instruct you in traditional Orc martial arts. He informs you that you must receive a scroll from two Masters. Go first to Khavatari Rosheek, who is training somewhere on the Immortal Plateau.)
415	2	1st Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek says that he doesn't have time to waste on a novice like you. He orders you to go and slay 5 Kasha Bears, collect their claws in a pouch and bring them to him. You must use only fist-type weapons for this task.)
415	3	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have slain 5 Kasha Bears. Return to Khavatari Rosheek. You will find him near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	4	2nd Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek is meditating. He orders you to slay 5 Kasha Blade Spiders, collect their claws in a pouch and bring them back to him. You must only use fist-type weapons for this task.)
415	5	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have collected 5 Claws of Kasha Blade Spiders in a pouch. Take the pouch to Khavatari Rosheek near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	6	3rd Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek is about to retire. He tells you to slay 5 Scarlet Salamanders, collect their scales in a pouch and bring it back to him. You must only use fist-type weapons for this task.)
415	7	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have collected 5 Scales of Scarlet Salamanders in a pouch. Take the pouch to Khavatari Rosheek near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	8	Fiery Spirit (Khavatari Rosheek has given you a Fiery Spirit Scroll! Return to Gantaki Zu Urutu in Orc Village.)
415	9	Second Scroll (Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village will tell you about the second scroll you will need to obtain to become a Monk.)
415	10	Iron Will Scroll (In order to find the second scroll, you must meet Khavatari Toruku. He is located near the fork in the road in the northern part of Gludin Village.)
415	11	Trial of Iron (Khavatari Toruku asks that you defeat many different types and levels of warriors. Slay a Vuku Orc Fighter on Windmill Hill, a Ratman Warrior in a corner of the Ruins, a Langk Lizardman in the Langk Lizardman Dwellings and a Felim Lizardman in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds. You must kill three of each for a total of 12, collect the proofs in a pouch and take them to Khavatari Toruku. You may use only bare hands, or hand-to-hand weapons for this task. Hunt Vuku Orc Fighters, Ratman Warriors, Langk Lizardman Warriors, and Felim Lizardman Warriors.)
415	12	Return toruku (You have collected all of the proofs. Deliver the pouch to Khavatari Toruku.)
415	13	Warrior of Iron and Fire (You have passed the Testimony of Khavatari Toruku, and thus received the Iron Will Scroll. Return to Prefect Kasman of Gludin Village.)
415	14	Forgotten Teacher (Gantaki Zu Urutu tells you to travel to the Valley of the Lords to meet Khavatari Aren.)
415	15	Trial of Aren (Khavatari Aren asks you to collect 6 Spider Fangs, from either the Kasha Blade Spider or the Kasha Fang Spider. You must do it with your bare hands or fist weapons. Monsters to Hunt: Kasha Blade Spider, Kasha Fang Spider)
415	16	Return to Khavatari Aren (You have collected 6 Spider Fangs. Return to Khavatari Aren.)
415	17	Baar Dre Vanul (Khavatari Aren asks you to hunt the Baar Dre Vanul, found in the southern reaches of the Immortal Plateau. You must do so using only fist weapons or your bare hands. Monster to Hunt - Baar Dre Vanul)
415	18	Return to Khavatari Aren (You have Baar Dre Vanul's horn. Return to Khavatari Aren.)
415	19	Khavatari's Zenith (Khavatari Aren tells you the tale of Khavatari's Zenith and asks you to visit the Seer Moira in the Town of Schuttgart.)
415	20	What is the Zenith? (What is Khavatari's Zenith? Think carefully about what Khavatari Aren said and then go back to Seer Moira.)
415	-1	[completed]
416	1	The Trial Begins (A quest that must be completed to become an Orc Shaman. Tataru Zu Hestui explains that in order to become an Orc Shaman, you must learn to lead spirits. In order to accomplish this, you must master the 'Language of Fire' which will enable you to communicate with spirits. There are three items needed to prepare for learning the Language of Fire. You must collect the Pelt of a Kasha Bear, the Husk of a Kasha Blade Spider and a Fiery Egg of a Scarlet Salamander. \Targets: Kasha Bears and Kasha Blade Spiders in the northern Immortal Plateau Scarlet Salamanders in the Cave of Trials.)
416	2	Tataru Zu Hestui (You have collected all three items. Return to Tataru Zu Hestui and prepare to meet with the spirit.)
416	3	Hestui Totem Spirit (Take the Hestui Mask and Fiery Egg to the Hestui Totem Spirit. You will find it in the southern ruins of the Pa'agrio Temple.)
416	4	Flame Ritual (The Hestui Totem Spirit has given you a claw as a present. Now, return to Tataru Zu Hestui in Orc Village.)
416	5	Names of Spirits (You have performed a ritual using the claw you received from Hestui Totem Spirit and learned the Language of Fire. Take the recommendation you received from Tataru Zu Hestui to Seer Umos in Gludin Village. He will tell you how to learn the names of 99 spirits.)
416	6	Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (Seer Umos explains that the second test to become an Orc Shaman involves learning the names of 99 spirits. For this, you must meet with the Duda-Mara Totem Spirit. But first, you must prepare yourself. Hunt Grizzly Bears in Fellmere Harvesting Grounds above Gludin Village and bring back three bottles of Grizzly Blood. Monsters to Hunt: Grizzly Bears.)
416	7	Return to Seer Umos (You have collected all the Grizzly Blood. Now take it to Seer Umos of Gludin Village.)
416	8	Names of Spirits (Take the jar containing the blood and go visit the Duda-Mara Totem Spirit. The Totem Spirit is said to be located north of the Arena in Gludin Village.)
416	9	Durka Spirit (The Duda-Mara Totem Spirit has asked you to catch the Durka Spirit. You will find this spirit while hunting for Poisonous Trackers and Trimdens in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds.)
416	10	Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (You have captured the Durka Spirit alive. Take it to the Duda-Mara Totem Spirit in the north of the Arena.)
416	11	Blood of Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (The Duda-Mara Totem Spirit has given you a drop of blood as a present. Take it to Priest Umos in Gludin Village.)
416	12	Wisdom of Souls (You must meet with the Seer Moira of the Town of Schuttgart if you want to receive the Wisdom of Souls.)
416	13	The Wisest Totem Spirit (The Seer Moira tells you to approach the Totem Spirit of Gandi for knowledge.)
416	14	Valley of the Lords (The Totem Spirit of Gandi said to defeat the Black Leopard in the Valley of the Lords to receive the Wisdom of Souls. Go to the Valley of the Lords! Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	15	The Teachings of Blood (Whenever the Black Leopard's blood touches your body, you feel a curious sensation and hear a strange voice. Is the dying leopard trying to say something? Study the dead leopard's carcass.)
416	16	Sacrifice Required (You could almost feel something from the Dead Leopard's Carcass. You might be able to grasp the answer if you kill more of them. Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	17	Voice (The Dead Leopard's Carcass is calling out to you. Talk to him!)
416	18	Last Blood (One must have the Black Leopard's blood on one's hands in order to receive the final lesson. Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	19	Bloody Body (The Black Leopard's blood covers your body. Return to the Dead Leopard's Carcass.)
416	20	Wisdom of Gandi (You suddenly see an image of the Totem Spirit of Gandi. Is it calling you?)
416	21	Orc Shaman (The Totem Spirit of Gandi knows of your recent experiences. It told you to seek Seer Moira, who will lead you to a shaman.)
416	-1	[completed]
417	1	In Search of Master Toma - Part 1 (A quest that must be completed to become a Scavenger. Collector Pippi of the Dwarven Village encourages all aspiring Dwarves to become Scavengers. To become a Scavenger, you must receive the permission of Master Toma, whose whereabouts are currently unknown. It is said that his younger sister, Grocer Mion of Dwarven Village, may know his whereabouts.)
417	2	In Search of Master Toma - Part 2 (Grocer Mion promises to find the location of Master Toma. In exchange, you have agreed to help her with her business. She asks you to deliver some items to her customers.)
417	3	In Search of Master Toma - Part 3 (Grocer Mion promises to find the location of Master Toma. In exchange, you have agreed to help her with her business. But she is making unreasonable demands.)
417	4	In Search of Master Toma - Part 4 (Take the letter from Grocer Mion and go find Master Toma. According to Mion, Master Toma has gone to the northern coast.)
417	5	Honey Jar Spoil (Master Toma said that if you want to be a Scavenger, you must first run an errand for him. He asked you to bring him back 5 Honey Jars. You can obtain them by using Spoil on Honey Bears. You can find Honey Bears while hunting Hunter Bears. In order to find Hunter Bears, start from the western entrance of the Abandoned Coal Mines, then go up north until you reach the area where two shorelines merge. A large population of Hunter Bears are said to be found in that area. Monsters to Hunt - Hunter Bears and Honey Bears. Monsters to use Spoil on - Honey Bears.)
417	6	Return toma (You have found all 5 Honey Jars. Let Master Toma's mouth be filled with the sweetness of honey!)
417	7	Bead of Tarantula (As your next assignment, Master Toma asks you to bring him 20 Tarantula Beads. They can be obtained by using Spoil on Hunter Tarantulas and Plunder Tarantulas. Monsters to use Spoil on - Hunter Tarantulas and Plunder Tarantulas.)
417	8	Return toma (You have collected 20 Beads. Take them to Master Toma.)
417	9	Pay Back for the Drink (Deliver the bunch of orbs that you received from Master Thoma to the Warehouse Keeper Raut in Gludin village.)
417	10	In Search of Raut's Nephew (You are asked to deliver the Teleport Scroll to Warehouse Keeper Raut's nephew. Raut's nephew is somewhere in the Dragon Valley.)
417	11	Return to Raut (The Teleport Scroll has been delivered to Raut's nephew Thorei. Go back to Warehouse Keeper Raut in Gludin village with the return present, the underwear of Succubus.)
417	12	Toma's Friend (Master Toma gives you Shining Beads and asks that you give them to Warehouse Chief Yasheni of the Town of Schuttgart.)
417	-1	[completed]
418	1	The First Blacksmith Test (A quest that must be completed to become an Artisan. The Dwarf Village Blacksmith Silvera tells you that to become an Artisan you have to receive recognition from three Blacksmiths that have been Artisans for a long time. He asks you to go to the Mithril Mine and obtain 10 Boogle Ratman Teeth and 2 Boogle Ratman Captain's Big Teeth.)
418	2	Return to Silvera (You have collected all the teeth of Ratmen. Take them to Blacksmith Silvera.)
418	3	The Second Blacksmith Test (In order to take the second test, you must visit Blacksmith Kluto. You can find him at the blacksmith's shop in Gludin Village.)
418	4	Errant to Pinter (Take the letter you received from Blacksmith Kluto Blacksmith Pinter in the Town of Gludio.)
418	5	Missing Box (The item that Blacksmith Kluto commissioned from Blacksmith Pinter has been stolen by a Vuku Orc Warrior. Find the culprit and recover the stolen Secret Box. The thief can be found on Windmill Hill south of Gludin Village. Monster to Hunt: Vuku Orc Warrior.)
418	6	Return to Blacksmith Pinter (You have recovered the box. Return it to Blacksmith Pinter of the Town of Gludio.)
418	7	What is the Blacksmith's Test...? (Blacksmith Pinter rewards you with a 2nd Pass Certificate. Take the Secret Box to Blacksmith Kluto.)
418	8	Railroad Worker Obi (In order to take the second test, you must first meet with Railroad Worker Obi who is on the Plunderous Plains. Go see him.)
418	9	Solidarity of the Dwarves (Railroad Worker Obi tells you a story about the Solidarity of Dwarves.  He asks you to relay the story that can potentially disrupt the Dwarves' loyalty to Mineral Trader Hitchi in the Town of Schuttgart. What do you think you should do?)
418	10	A Thoughtless Person (Lockirin of Dwarven Village will instruct you on your next task.)
418	11	Message Delivered (Mineral Trader Hitchi tells you to go back and visit Obi once more. Go see him.)
418	12	A Shrewd Response (When you relay the message to him, Mineral Trader Hitchi tells you to go see Rydel.)
418	-1	[completed]
500	1	Crumbs of Penitence (Summon a monster, activate the Hour of Penitence and kill the monsters; collect 50 Crumbs of Penitence and bring it to Dark Judge.)
500	-1	[completed]
630	1	Decipher Pirate's Treasure Map (Agent of the Devil's Isle Garom was in charge of deciphering the pirate map. It's been a while, now it is time to see the result.)
630	2	Find the secret area (According to the map, you need to sneak into a secret room somewhere on the Devil's Isle.)
630	3	Find the secret area (According to the map, you need to sneak into a secret room somewhere on the Devil's Isle.)
630	4	Find the key (Your task is to follow hints in the secret room in order to find the key to the pirate chest. Hmm, where could it be...)
630	5	It has been searched, but the distance is too far. Can't figure out the direction. (You have failed. You may try again some other time.)
630	6	Sneak into a Secret Place (You have finally got the key! It is high time to go for a treasure hunt.)
630	7	Sneak into a Secret Place (You have finally got the key! It is high time to go for a treasure hunt.)
630	8	Sneak into a Secret Place (You have finally got the key! It is high time to go for a treasure hunt.)
630	9	Defeat Treasure Chest Guard (Defeat the monsters, who guard the treasure. Hunting target - Bloody Mourner)
630	10	Defeat Treasure Chest Guard (Defeat the monsters, who guard the treasure. Hunting target - Clumsy Wimp)
630	11	Defeat Treasure Chest Guard (Defeat the monsters, who guard the treasure. Hunting target - Mysterious Creature)
630	12	Obtain treasures (As soon as all the monster guardians were defeated, a huge chest appeared in front of you. Open it and take your reward!)
630	-1	[completed]
657	1	Fight in the Monster Arena (Reach Stage 5 or higher in the Monster Arena.)
657	2	Reach stage 5 in the Monster Arena (You reached Stage 5 in the Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
657	3	Reach stage 10 in the Monster Arena (You reached Stage 10 in the Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
657	4	Arena - Reach Stage 15 (You reached Stage 15 in the Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
657	5	Arena - Reach Stage 20 (You reached stage 20 in the Monster Arena. You may now receive your reward from Manager Lau.)
657	-1	[completed]
658	1	Fight in the Elite Monster Arena (for experienced warriors) (Reach Stage 5 or higher in the Elite Monster Arena.)
658	2	Reach stage 5 in the Elite Monster Arena (You reached Stage 5 in the Elite Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
658	3	Reach stage 10 in the Elite Monster Arena (You reached Stage 10 in the Elite Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
658	4	Elite Arena - Reach Stage 15 (You reached Stage 15 in the Elite Monster Arena. Return to Lau to receive your reward, or set your sights on a bigger prize and advance to a higher stage.)
658	5	Elite Arena - Reach Stage 20 (You reached stage 20 in the Elite Monster Arena. You may now receive your reward from Manager Lau.)
658	-1	[completed]
662	1	Red Gemstones (Warehouse Chief Klump from Aden loves playing cards. People say that the one who can win a game from him will get a great reward! But keep in mind that you will need 100 Red Gemstones to start playing with him. Hunting targets - Blazing Swamp: Tulben, Hames Orc Prefect, Cursed Guardian Fields of Massacre: Dismal Pole, Doom Archer, Doom Warrior Seal of Shilen: Kadios, Palibati, Doom Knight Ancient Battleground: Ghostly Warrior, Bloody Priest, Dark Guardian Cemetery: Taik Orc Supply Officer, Tortured Undead, Soldier of Grief)
662	-1	[completed]
910	1	Woopee Hunting (Bodyguard Blue from Giran asked you to defeat monsters around Talking Island Village. Hunting target - Woopee)
910	2	Go back to Bodyguard Blue (You have defeated all monsters. Go back to Bodyguard Blue.)
910	-1	[completed]
911	1	Boar Hunting (Bodyguard Blue from Giran asked you to defeat monsters to the east of Talking Island Village. Hunting target - Wild Boar)
911	2	Go back to Bodyguard Blue (You have defeated all monsters. Go back to Bodyguard Blue.)
911	-1	[completed]
912	1	Black Boar Hunting (Bodyguard Blue from Giran asked you to defeat monsters to the east and west of Talking Island Village. Hunting target - Black Wild Boar)
912	2	Go back to Bodyguard Blue (You have defeated all monsters. Go back to Bodyguard Blue.)
912	-1	[completed]
913	1	White Boar Hunting (You received a request from Bodyguard Blue in the Town of Giran to dispose of the monsters that have appeared near the Victory Monument. Monsters to Hunt - White Wild Boar)
913	2	Go back to Bodyguard Blue (You have defeated all monsters. Go back to Bodyguard Blue.)
913	-1	[completed]
914	1	Steel Wild Boar Hunt (You received a request from Bodyguard Blue in the Town of Giran to dispose of the monsters that have appeared in Talking Island Village East West. Monsters to Hunt - Steel Wild Boar)
914	2	Return to Bodyguard Blue (Purge all of the evil spirits. Return to Bodyguard Blue in Town of Giran.)
914	-1	[completed]
933	1	Exploring the Dungeon of Abyss (You are entrusted with exploration of the Dungeon of Abyss. Kill monsters and collect 50 Remnant Ashes. Hunting targets - Wandering Dead of the Dungeon, Wandering Spirit of the Dungeon, Wandering Ghost of the Dungeon, Wandering Evil Thoughts of the Dungeon, Roaming Malice of the Dungeon)
933	2	Completed daily Quest: Exploring the West Wing of the Dungeon of Abyss (Go back to the west wing of the Dungeon of Abyss and report to Magrit or Ingrit.)
933	-1	[completed]
935	1	Exploring the Dungeon of Abyss (You are entrusted with exploration of the Dungeon of Abyss. Kill monsters and collect 50 Images of Evil. Hunting targets - Wandering Dead of Abyss, Wandering Spirit of Abyss, Wandering Ghost of Abyss, Wandering Evil Thoughts of Abyss)
935	2	Completed daily Quest: Exploring the East Wing of the Dungeon of Abyss (Go back to the east wing of the Dungeon of Abyss and report to Iris or Rosammy.)
935	-1	[completed]
10861	1	Reach Stage 10 (Reach stage 10 in the Monster Arena or Elite Monster Arena.)
10861	2	Return to Lau (You have killed enough monsters to reach stage 10. You may now return to Arena Manager Lau.)
10861	-1	[completed]
10862	1	Fight in the Arena 10 times (Fight in the Monster Arena or Elite Monster Arena 10 times.)
10862	2	Return to Lau (You participated in 10 combats. You may now return to Arena Manager Lau.)
10862	-1	[completed]
10863	1	Fight in the Arena 15 times (Fight in the Monster Arena or Elite Monster Arena 15 times.)
10863	2	Return to Lau (You participated in 15 combats. You may now return to Arena Manager Lau.)
10863	-1	[completed]
10864	1	Fight in the Arena 25 times (Fight in the Monster Arena or Elite Monster Arena 25 times.)
10864	2	Return to Lau (You participated in 25 combats. You may now return to Arena Manager Lau.)
10864	-1	[completed]
10865	1	Fight in the Arena 40 times (Fight in the Monster Arena or Elite Monster Arena 40 times.)
10865	2	Return to Lau (You participated in 40 combats. You may now return to Arena Manager Lau.)
10865	-1	[completed]
10993	-2	
10993	1	Come up with the future profession (Now it is time to choose your future profession. Priest Gerald may introduce you to his contacts.)
10993	2	Select Scavenger's Profession (Talk to Collector Pippi from the Bronze Key Guild to become a Scavenger.)
10993	3	Select Artisan's Profession (Talk to blacksmith Silvera in Blacksmith Shop to become an Artisan.)
10993	-1	[completed]
10994	-3	
10994	-2	
10994	1	Come up with the future profession (Uska insists that you engage in exploration. This will do good to the tribe.)
10994	2	Select Orc Raider's Profession (Talk to Prefect Karukia in Orc Village to become an Orc Raider.)
10994	3	Select Orc Monk's Profession (Talk to Gantaki Zu Urutu in Orc Village to become an Orc Monk.)
10994	4	Select Orc Shaman's Profession (Talk to Tataru Zu Hestui in Orc Village to become an Orc Shaman.)
10994	-1	[completed]
10995	1	Talk to Reep (According to Newbie Guide, Weapon Merchant Reep is going to expand the trade, and he needs your help.)
10995	2	Defeat Wolves and Goblins (Reep asks you to bring him Black Wolf Tails and Navigation Devices, often found at Goblin Snoopers.  Hunting targets - Black Wolf, Goblin Snooper)
10995	3	Defeat Orcs (Utuku Orc are sneaking around the village, attracted, most probably, by rumors about Reep's trade deals. Discourage them from poking into other people's business.  Hunting targets - Utuku Orc, Utuku Orc Archer)
10995	4	Defeat Goblins (Goblin Brigands stole Reep's goods, ready for delivery. You need to catch them.  Hunting target - Goblin Brigand)
10995	5	Defeat Werewolves (Rumor has it that Garum Werewolves united with Goblin Brigands. Kill them and bring back Werewolf Tails as a proof.  Hunting target - Garum Werewolf)
10995	6	Defeat Goblin Brigand Lieutenants (Evidently, stolen goods are snatched by Goblin Brigand Lieutenants. You are requested to deal with them.  Hunting target - Goblin Brigand Lieutenant)
10995	7	Receive Reward from Reep (You have collected everything. Return to Reep.)
10995	-1	[completed]
10996	1	Talk to the Priest (Weapon Merchant Reep is sending you to Priest of the Earth Zimenf. He is in charge of temple decorations, and he needs help.)
10996	2	Obtain Barbed Bat Wing Sacs (Priest of the Earth Zimenf decided to add some vitality to the temple's gloomy interior, but he lacks materials. Bring him whatever he is asking for.  Hunting target - Barbed Bat)
10996	3	Obtain Puma Fur (Priest of the Earth Zimenf decided to add some vitality to the temple's gloomy interior, but he lacks materials. Bring him whatever he is asking for.  Hunting target - Crystal Puma)
10996	4	Obtain Goblin Jewels (Priest of the Earth Zimenf decided to add some vitality to the temple's gloomy interior, but he lacks materials. Bring him whatever he is asking for.  Hunting targets - Goblin Lord, Goblin Brigand Leader)
10996	5	Obtain Golem Ore (Priest of the Earth Zimenf decided to add some vitality to the temple's gloomy interior, but he lacks materials. Bring him whatever he is asking for.  Hunting targets - Whinstone Golem, Obsidian Golem)
10996	6	Give away materials (You have collected everything. Return to Zimenf.)
10996	-1	[completed]
10997	1	Help the Priest (Priest Gerald has accidentally broken a statue. Now he needs your help.)
10997	2	Obtain Hunter Tarantula's Venom (Gerald says that Hunter Tarantula's Venom is a perfect base for glue, which is needed to restore the broken statue.  Hunting target - Hunter Tarantula)
10997	3	Obtain Plunder Tarantula's Kidney Stones (Gerald needs Plunder Tarantula's Kidney Stones to fill in the gaps from missing fragments of the statue.  Hunting target - Plunder Tarantula)
10997	4	Return to Gerald (You have collected all the materials that you need. Return to Gerald.)
10997	-1	[completed]
10998	1	Help the Priest (Priest Gerald has accidentally broken a statue. Now he needs your help.)
10998	2	Obtain Hunter Tarantula's Venom (Gerald says that Hunter Tarantula's Venom is a perfect base for glue, which is needed to restore the broken statue.  Hunting target - Hunter Tarantula)
10998	3	Obtain Plunder Tarantula's Kidney Stones (Gerald needs Plunder Tarantula's Kidney Stones to fill in the gaps from missing fragments of the statue.  Hunting target - Plunder Tarantula)
10998	4	Return to Gerald (You have collected all the materials that you need. Return to Gerald.)
10998	-1	[completed]
10999	1	Help the Priest (Gerald got scolded for a broken statue. Priest Daichir ordered him to clean up a mess in the temple, as a punishment. You need to assemble a device to help him cleaning.)
10999	2	Obtain materials for cleaning tools 1 (You need Bat Bristle to make a brush.  Hunting target - Red Eye Barbed Bat)
10999	3	Obtain materials for cleaning tools 2 (Trimden Web is perfect for making a rag. Find it.  Hunting target - Northern Trimden)
10999	4	Obtain materials for cleaning tools 3 (You need Kerope Werewolf's Twig Charms to make a twig broom.  Hunting target - Kerope Werewolf)
10999	5	Return to Gerald (You have collected everything. Return to Gerald.)
10999	-1	[completed]
11000	1	Stolen cargo (Ol Mahum Warriors have attacked the caravan going to Gludio. Moon Knight Jones asked you to get the stolen cargo back, but told you to visit Armor Merchant Damion in Gludio first.)
11000	2	Return the stolen cargo (You have to return the stolen cargo to Amora: 10 Armor Stubs. You can find Amora to the West of Fellmere Lake. Targets: Ol Mahum Thieves)
11000	3	Amora's Receipt (You have brought back to Amora all of the cargo stolen by Ol Mahums Thieves. Take the receipt from Amora and go to Damion in Gludin.)
11000	4	Damion's Request (You have completed Armor Merchant Damion's request. Go back to Moon Knight Jones now.)
11000	5	Find Proof (There is a rumor that Ol Mahum Chief and Dwarven Traders have an agreement. But we need proof in order to catch unfair Dwarves. You have to find Turek Orc Commander in Orc Barracks and find some concrete evidence. Target: Turek Orc Commander.)
11000	6	Who is the Traitor? (There is no doubt that the armor acquisition contract you have found on dead Turek Orc Commander is signed by Dwarves. You have to go to Neti in Gludin in order to find out who exactly signed this contract.)
11000	7	The Traitor is Found! (We have found out that the contract with Turek Orcs was signed by a Dwarven trader named Rolento. You have to visit and question him closely. You can find Rolento near the Southern entrance to the Wasteland.)
11000	8	Invasion Plans (Rolento says that if you deliver the goods to Ol Mahums this would help you get the information on invasion. Take the bag and Dwarven Guild sign from Rolento and go to Ol Mahum Hierarch Gudz.)
11000	9	Punitive Expidition against Turek Orcs (Ol Mahum Hierarch was mad that Turek Orcs have cheated him. Now he wants to stop them from invading Gludin and asks you to take part in punitive expedition against Turek Orcs. Kill Turek Orc Invaders and bring 10 enemy heads to Ol Mahum Hierarch Gudz. Targets: Turek Orc Invaders)
11000	10	Report to Jones (Ol Mahums have abandoned the idea of attack on Gludin and are getting ready for war with Turek Orcs. Go to Moon Knight Jones and tell him what you have done.)
11000	-1	[completed]
11001	1	Altran (Newbie Guide told you, that Altran is looking for travelers' help. You need to find out more.)
11001	2	Defeat Wolves (Altran wants you to get rid of monsters, terrorizing his ancestors' tombs.  You need to defeat Wolves and Elder Wolves and bring back their skins.  Hunting targets - Wolf, Elder Wolf)
11001	3	Defeat Orcs (Altran wants you to get rid of monsters, terrorizing his ancestors' tombs.  You need to defeat Orcs and bring back Orc Amulets.  Hunting targets - Orc, Orc Archer, Orc Soldier)
11001	4	Defeat Werewolves (Altran wants you to get rid of monsters, terrorizing his ancestors' tombs.  You need to defeat Orcs and Werewolves and bring back Werewolf's Fangs and a Broken Sword.  Hunting targets - Orc Warrior, Werewolf)
11001	5	Return to Altran (You have killed enough monsters near the tombs. Return to Altran.)
11001	-1	[completed]
11002	1	Help with Temple Restoration (A recent storm has damaged the temple. Magister Harrys is in charge of the repairs, and he needs assistants.)
11002	2	Defeat thieves of wooden poles (Harrys complains that Orcs have stolen wooden poles, intended for the temple restoration. They need to be punished.  Hunting targets - Orc Captain, Orc Lieutenant)
11002	3	Defeat Werewolves (It has been found that Werewolves stole wooden door panels to gnaw them. They need to be punished.  Hunting targets - Werewolf Hunter, Werewolf Chieftain)
11002	4	Obtain Stone Powder (Stone bricks are needed to repair the temple. You can produce them out of Stone Powder, which drops from Stone Golems.  Hunting targets - Stone Golem, Crasher)
11002	5	Give away materials (You have obtained everything that Harrys had requested. You may now return to him.)
11002	-1	[completed]
11003	1	Talk to Lector (Harrys gave you armor, which he got from Weapon Merchant Lector, who, in turn, crafts them during his free time. Lector is working on a new set of armor now, and he needs help.)
11003	2	Obtain Spider's Silk (Silk is needed for fancy needlework. You may obtain it from Giant Spiders.  Hunting targets - Giant Spider, Giant Fang Spider, Giant Blade Spider)
11003	3	Obtain Essence of Water (You need to defeat Undines near the waterfall and in the ruins to get Essence of Water from them.  Hunting targets - Undine, Undine Noble, Undine Elder)
11003	4	Return to Lector (You have obtained everything that Lector had asked you for. You may now return to him.)
11003	-1	[completed]
11004	1	Talk to Lector (Harrys gave you armor, which he got from Weapon Merchant Lector, who, in turn, crafts them during his free time. Lector is working on a new set of armor now, and he needs help.)
11004	2	Obtain Spider's Silk (Silk is needed for fancy needlework. You may obtain it from Giant Spiders.  Hunting targets - Giant Spider, Giant Fang Spider, Giant Blade Spider)
11004	3	Obtain Essence of Water (You need to defeat Undines near the waterfall and in the ruins to get Essence of Water from them.  Hunting targets - Undine, Undine Noble, Undine Elder)
11004	4	Return to Lector (You have obtained everything that Lector had asked you for. You may now return to him.)
11004	-1	[completed]
11005	1	Talk to Lector (Harrys gave you armor, which he got from Weapon Merchant Lector, who, in turn, crafts them during his free time. Lector is working on a new set of armor now, and he needs help.)
11005	2	Obtain Spider's Silk (Silk is needed for fancy needlework. You may obtain it from Giant Spiders.  Hunting targets - Giant Spider, Giant Fang Spider, Giant Blade Spider)
11005	3	Obtain Essence of Water (You need to defeat Undines near the waterfall and in the ruins to get Essence of Water from them.  Hunting targets - Undine, Undine Noble, Undine Elder)
11005	4	Return to Lector (You have obtained everything that Lector had asked you for. You may now return to him.)
11005	-1	[completed]
11006	-5	
11006	-4	
11006	-3	
11006	-2	
11006	1	Come up with the future profession (Talk to Lector to select class)
11006	2	Select Warrior's Profession (Talk to Warriors Guild Master Auron in the Village of Gludin to become a Warrior.)
11006	3	Select Knight's Profession (Talk to Sir Klaus Vasper in the central square of the Village of Gludin to become a Knight.)
11006	4	Select Rogue's Profession (Talk to Captain Bezique near the West Gate of the Village of Gludin to become a Rogue.)
11006	5	Select Wizards's Profession (Talk to Parina near the entrance to the temple of Einhasad in the Village of Gludin to become a Wizard.)
11006	6	Select Cleric's Profession (Talk to priest Zigaunt near the entrance to the temple of Einhasad in the Village of Gludin to become a Cleric.)
11006	-1	[completed]
11007	1	Talk to Kendell (According to Newbie Guide, Sentinel Kendell is looking for someone to help him get rid of monsters, who trouble the village.  Find Kendell.)
11007	2	Defeat Wolves (Kendell wants you to get rid of Gray Wolf near the entrance to the village. There's been too many of them lately. Monsters to Hunt - Gray Wolf)
11007	3	Defeat Goblin Raiders (Kendell has been telling you that Goblin Raiders keep attacking peaceful travelers. This needs to be stopped.  Monsters to Hunt - Goblin Raider)
11007	4	Defeat Kaboo Orcs (Kendell told you that Kaboo Orcs occupied the territory near the village without permission, causing trouble. They must be driven out.  Monsters to Hunt - Kaboo Orc, Kaboo Orc Soldier, Kaboo Orc Archer)
11007	5	Destroy Spore Fungus (Kendell says that fairies complain about Spore Fungus - there are too many of them. They need to be reduced. Monsters to Hunt - Spore Fungus)
11007	6	Return to Kendell (Return to Kendell for your reward.  He will give you Sentinel's Equipment.)
11007	-1	[completed]
11008	1	Talk to Kendell's comrade (Sentinel Kendell is worried about his comrade Starden.  Find Starden and talk to him.)
11008	2	Obtain Orc Bandages (Sentinel Starden wants to gird up the loins before the mission in the dungeon. He is asking you to find some Orc Bandages.  Hunting targets - Kaboo Orc Warrior, Kaboo Orc Warrior Lieutenant, Kaboo Orc Warrior Captain)
11008	3	Obtain Dryad's Crimson Herb (Sentinel Starden wants to gird up the loins before the mission in the dungeon. He is asking you to find Dryad's Crimson Herb.  Hunting targets - Dryad, Dryad Elder)
11008	4	Obtain Spider Venom (Sentinel Starden wants to gird up the loins before the mission in the dungeon. He is asking you to find some Spider Venom.  Hunting targets - Hook Spider, Crimson Spider, Pincer Spider)
11008	5	Return to Starden (Return to Starden for reward.)
11008	-1	[completed]
11009	1	Talk to Potion Maker (Starden is really looking forward to Grocer Herbiel's new medicine. However, Herbiel's work isn't going fast enough. Find out, what's wrong.)
11009	2	Obtain Dead Spider's Ichor (Herbiel is researching and developing a new potion, but he lacks some rare ingredients for the tests. Bring them to Herbiel.  Hunting targets - Scavenger Spider, Red Scavenger Spider)
11009	3	Obtain Moonstone Beast's Scales (Herbiel is researching and developing a new potion, but he lacks some rare ingredients for the tests. Bring them to Herbiel.  Hunting target - Moonstone Beast)
11009	4	Return to Herbiel (Return to Herbiel for reward.)
11009	-1	[completed]
11010	1	Talk to Potion Maker (Starden is really looking forward to Grocer Herbiel's new medicine. However, Herbiel's work isn't going fast enough. Find out, what's wrong.)
11010	2	Obtain Dead Spider's Ichor (Herbiel is researching and developing a new potion, but he lacks some rare ingredients for the tests. Bring them to Herbiel.  Hunting targets - Scavenger Spider, Red Scavenger Spider)
11010	3	Obtain Moonstone Beast's Scales (Herbiel is researching and developing a new potion, but he lacks some rare ingredients for the tests. Bring them to Herbiel.  Hunting target - Moonstone Beast)
11010	4	Return to Herbiel (Return to Herbiel for reward.)
11010	-1	[completed]
11011	1	Talk to Potion Maker (Starden is really looking forward to Grocer Herbiel's new medicine. However, Herbiel's work had to pause his research. Find out, what's wrong.)
11011	2	Return Antidote (Herbiel was robbed of the antidote he was going to use in his research. You need to bring it back. Hunting target - Ratman Scavenger)
11011	3	Obtain Arachnid Tracker Thorns (Herbiel explains that Arachnid Tracker Thorns will make his new potion even more effective. He asks that you obtain them for him.  Hunting target - Arachnid Tracker)
11011	4	Return to Herbiel (Return to Herbiel for reward.)
11011	-1	[completed]
11012	-4	
11012	-3	
11012	-2	
11012	1	Come up with the future profession (Herbiel's advice is to choose the path that you want to walk in the future.)
11012	2	Select Elven Knight's Profession (Talk to Master Sorius in Gludio to become an Elven Knight.)
11012	3	Select Elven Scout's Profession (Talk to Master Reisa in Gludio to become an Elven Scout.)
11012	4	Select Elven Wizard's Profession (Talk to Rosella in the Elven Village to become an Elven Wizard.)
11012	5	Select Elven Oracle's Profession (Talk to Priest Manuel in Gludio to become an Elven Oracle.)
11012	-1	[completed]
11013	1	Go to Talos (According to Newbie Guide, Hierarch Talos is looking for someone to help him prepare a hunt in Shilen's honor.)
11013	2	Defeat Ashen Wolves (Wolves are getting in the way of a good hunt. They must be destroyed.  Hunting target - Ashen Wolf)
11013	3	Defeat Goblins (Goblins steal and gobble up food supplies for the hunt.  It would be nice to teach them some manners!  Hunting target - Goblin)
11013	4	Defeat Imps (The hunting location needs to be cleared up from Imps, or they will spoil the hunt.  Hunting targets - Imp, Imp Elder)
11013	5	Obtain Fungus Juice (Fungus Juice is a drink that will cheer up the spirits of the hunters. You need to bring back the ingredients.  Hunting target - Green Fungus)
11013	6	Defeat Balor Orcs (Balor Orcs intend to spoil the hunt. They must be stopped.  Hunting targets - Balor Orc Warrior, Balor Orc Warrior Lieutenant, Balor Orc Warrior Captain)
11013	7	Return to Talos (Return to Hierarch Talos for reward.)
11013	-1	[completed]
11014	1	Talk to Payne (Hierarch Talos charged Armor Merchant Payne with a task, but Payne won't be able to get things done without an assistant. Talk to Payne.)
11014	2	Defeat Zombie Elves (To craft a large batch of armor, Payne needs Zombie Forest Elf Teeth. He is asking you to obtain them.  Hunting targets - Zombie Forest Elf, Zombie Forest Elf Researcher)
11014	3	Defeat Festering Bats (To craft a large batch of armor, Payne needs Bat Skins. He is asking you to obtain them.  Hunting targets - Festering Bat, Red Eye Bat)
11014	4	Obtain Stone Giant's Shiny Rocks (To craft a large batch of armor, Payne needs Stone Giant's Shiny Rocks. He is asking you to obtain them.  Hunting targets - Stone Giant Soldier, Stone Giant Guardian)
11014	5	Defeat Dark Horrors (To craft a large batch of armor, Payne needs Old Bone Fragments. He is asking you to obtain them.  Hunting target - Dark Horror)
11014	6	Return to Payne (You have collected all the materials that you need. Return to Payne)
11014	-1	[completed]
11015	1	Talk to Vollodos (Payne told you, that he intends to establish trade with Vollodos. However, Vollodos failed to deliver the shield, that had been ordered long ago. You are requested to find out, what's wrong.)
11015	2	Obtain Stone Giant Guardian's Cores (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Stone Giant Guardian)
11015	3	Obtain Crystalline Beast's Shinedust (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Crystalline Beast)
11015	4	Obtain Giant Spider Skin Fragments (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting targets - Prowler, Giant Venomous Spider, Arachnid Tracker)
11015	5	Return to Vollodos (You have got all the materials that you need. Return to Vollodos.)
11015	-1	[completed]
11016	1	Talk to Vollodos (Payne told you, that he intends to establish trade with Vollodos. However, Vollodos failed to deliver the shield, that had been ordered long ago. You are requested to find out, what's wrong.)
11016	2	Obtain Stone Giant Guardian's Cores (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Stone Giant Guardian)
11016	3	Obtain Crystalline Beast's Shinedust (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Crystalline Beast)
11016	4	Obtain Giant Spider Skin Fragments (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting targets - Prowler, Giant Venomous Spider, Arachnid Tracker)
11016	5	Return to Vollodos (You have got all the materials that you need. Return to Vollodos.)
11016	-1	[completed]
11017	1	Talk to Vollodos (Payne told you, that he intends to establish trade with Vollodos. However, Vollodos failed to deliver the shield, that had been ordered long ago. You are requested to find out, what's wrong.)
11017	2	Obtain Stone Giant Guardian's Cores (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Stone Giant Guardian)
11017	3	Obtain Crystalline Beast's Shinedust (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting target - Crystalline Beast)
11017	4	Obtain Giant Spider Skin Fragments (Vollodos failed to send the goods to Payne, because he lacks some ingredients to make them. He wants you to defeat monsters and obtain the ingredients.  Hunting targets - Prowler, Giant Venomous Spider, Arachnid Tracker)
11017	5	Return to Vollodos (You have got all the materials that you need. Return to Vollodos.)
11017	-1	[completed]
11018	-4	
11018	-3	
11018	-2	
11018	1	Come up with the future profession (Vollodos is telling you that you need to look ahead...)
11018	2	Select Dark Knight's Profession (Talk to Master Virgil in Gludio to become a Dark Knight.)
11018	3	Select Assassin's Profession (Talk to Triskel in Gludio to become an Assassin.)
11018	4	Select Dark Wizard's Profession (Talk to Witch Varika near the Altar of Rites to become a Dark Wizard.)
11018	5	Select Shillien Oracle's Profession (Talk to Magister Sidra in Gludio to become a Shillien Oracle.)
11018	-1	[completed]
11019	1	Talk to Centurion Tiku (According to Newbie Guide, Centurion Tiku is looking for someone to help an Orc Tribe. Talk to Tiku.)
11019	2	Defeat Kasha Wolves (During the early frosts, many Orcs suffer from cold. You need to obtain wolf skins to make warm clothes.  Hunting targets - Kasha Wolf, Kasha Forest Wolf)
11019	3	Defeat Goblin Tomb Raiders (Somebody has been raiding Orcish tombs lately. Apparently, it's the work of Imps and Goblins. Deal with them!  Hunting targets - Goblin Tomb Raider, Rakeclaw Imp Hunter)
11019	4	Obtain Mountain Fungus Spores (Orcs want to sow fields around the village with Mountain Fungus. Bring them their spores.  Hunting target - Mountain Fungus)
11019	5	Defeat Maraku Werewolves (Members of the tribe say there are too many Maraku Werewolves nearby the village. You need to scare them away.  Hunting target - Maraku Werewolf)
11019	6	Defeat Eye of Seer (There is not enough potions for wounded warriors of the tribe. The medicine can be prepared from Eye of Seer's Tears. Find them.  Hunting target - Eye of Seer)
11019	7	Return to Tiku (You have completed all Tiku's quests. Return to him.)
11019	-1	[completed]
11020	1	Talk to Sumari (According to Tiku, Sumari has an assignment for you. Talk to him and find out everything.)
11020	2	Weapon crafting materials 1 (Sumari is about to craft a large batch of weapon for the tribe, but he is out of resources. You are requested to bring all the materials that the blacksmith needs.  Hunting target - Blackwing Bat)
11020	3	Weapon crafting materials 2 (Sumari is about to craft a large batch of weapon for the tribe, but he is out of resources. You are requested to bring all the materials that the blacksmith needs.  Hunting target - Goblin Tomb Raider Leader)
11020	4	Weapon crafting materials 3 (Sumari is about to craft a large batch of weapon for the tribe, but he is out of resources. You are requested to bring all the materials that the blacksmith needs.  Hunting target - Greystone Golem)
11020	5	Weapon crafting materials 4 (Sumari is about to craft a large batch of weapon for the tribe, but he is out of resources. You are requested to bring all the materials that the blacksmith needs.  Hunting target - Evil Eye Patrol)
11020	6	Return to Sumari (You have collected all the materials that you need. Return to Sumari.)
11020	-1	[completed]
11021	1	Talk to Uska (According to Sumari, Uska failed to send him the necklace that had been ordered. You need to talk to him and find out, what's wrong.)
11021	2	Obtain materials for crafting tools 1 (Uska told you that the Red Gem is an extremely hard material, and all his carving tools are worn out. You need to find materials for new tools.  Hunting target - Kasha Bear)
11021	3	Obtain materials for new tools 2 (Uska told you that the Red Gem is an extremely hard material, and all his carving tools are worn out. You need to find materials for new tools.  Hunting target - Kasha Spider, Kasha Fang Spider, Kasha Blade Spider)
11021	4	Return to Uska (Bring Uska tool crafting ingredients.)
11021	-1	[completed]
11022	1	Talk to Uska (According to Sumari, Uska failed to send him the necklace that had been ordered. You need to talk to him and find out, what's wrong.)
11022	2	Obtain materials for crafting tools 1 (Uska told you that the Red Gem is an extremely hard material, and all his carving tools are worn out. You need to find materials for new tools.  Hunting target - Kasha Bear)
11022	3	Obtain materials for new tools 2 (Uska told you that the Red Gem is an extremely hard material, and all his carving tools are worn out. You need to find materials for new tools.  Hunting target - Kasha Spider, Kasha Fang Spider, Kasha Blade Spider)
11022	4	Return to Uska (Bring Uska tool crafting ingredients.)
11022	-1	[completed]
11023	1	Find the missing thing (Uska told you that Kasha Imps have stolen all his red gems, and he needs them for a necklace. Go out there and find what's been stolen.)
11023	2	Obtain Lens (While fleeing, Kasha Imps spilt the polish and damaged rare ingredients. You need to find new ones.  Hunting target - Evil Eye Seer)
11023	3	Punish the thieves (According to Uska, Kasha Imps stole the red gem and fled. You need to find what's been stolen.  Hunting target - Kasha Imp)
11023	4	Obtain materials (Bring Uska materials for the necklace.)
11023	-1	[completed]
