1	1	Delivery of Love Letters (Darin of Talking Island Village has fallen in love with Gatekeeper Roxxy. He is too shy to express his feelings and asks you to deliver his love letter to her.)
1	2	Roxxy's Kerchief (Roxxy reads Darin's letter and tells you that she admires him as well. She asks you to deliver her kerchief to him. Take Roxxy's kerchief to Darin in the village square.)
1	3	Baulro's Magic Potion (Darin is overjoyed to learn that Roxxy returns his admiration, and says he wants to ask her for a date. He asks you to go and get a love potion promised to him by Magister Baulro at the temple.)
1	4	Water that Brings Out Courage (Magister Baulro admits that he deceived Darin about the potion in order to bolster his courage. He gives you a medicine bottle filled with tap water. Take it to Darin in the village square.)
1	-1	[completed]
2	1	Arujien's Letter (Arujien confesses to you that he has pined for Magister Greenis for a long time. He asks you to find out if Greenis returns his affection. Meet with her younger sister, Gatekeeper Mirabel, and show her Arujien's letter.)
2	2	Uncle Herbiel (Gatekeeper Mirabel says that she doesn't get involved in her sister's affairs. She suggests that you ask Trader Herbiel. You will find him in a magic shop. Show him Arujien's Letter.)
2	3	Uncle's Advice (Trader Herbiel thinks that Magister Greenis likes Arujien. Go back to Arujien and give him the good news.)
2	4	Feelings that Have Turned into a Poem (Arujien says that he's written a book of poetry for Greenis. Take Arujien's poetry book to Magister Greenis.)
2	5	Letter of Refusal (Magister Greenis informs you that she loves another. Take Greenis' letter of refusal to Arujien.)
2	-1	[completed]
3	1	Preparation for a Ritual (Dark Elven Tetrarch Talloth is continuing in the studies of the dark arts in order to break the seal that binds Mitraell, the leader of the Dark Elves. He asks you to go to the school of the Dark Arts)
3	2	Return to Tetrarch Talloth (You have collected all the ingredients required for a spell. Return to Hierarch Talloth.)
3	-1	[completed]
4	1	Gifts from the Six Tribes (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai, the ruler of all the Orcs, has fallen ill. The Centurions have decreed that each tribe shall offer him gifts to improve his health. Centurion Nakusin asks you to collect the offerings from the six tribes. You must meet with the following tribal representatives: Tataru Zu Hestui of the dignified Hestui tribe Chief Varkees of the cold-blooded Atuba tribe Warehouse Keeper Grookin of the formidable Neruga tribe Gantaki Zu Urutu of the strong-willed Urutu tribe Trader Kunai of the tactical Dudamara tribe Trader Uska of the ruthless Gandi tribe.)
4	2	Return to Nakusin (You have collected all of the tributes for Pa'agrio Lord Kakai. Take them to Centurion Nakusin.)
4	-1	[completed]
5	1	Errand to the Village (Miner Bolter, a member of the Gray Pillar Guild, lives at the Strip Mine. He asks you to bring him some things from the village. Visit Trader Shari's weapons shop, Trader Garita's store, Warehouse Chief Reed and Blacksmith Brunon and bring back the items that Miner Bolter is seeking.)
5	2	Return to Miner Bolter (You have all of the items Bolter requested. Take them to him.)
5	-1	[completed]
6	1	Helping Hand (You've decided to experience all the adventure this world has to offer, but you can't afford it. Visit Magister Baulro and ask for help.)
6	2	Permission of Archon (Magister Baulro says that he'll help you! He gives you a letter to take to Sir Collin Windawood in the Obelisk of Victory. He says Sir Collin may do you a favor if you ask him nicely.)
6	3	On to Giran! (Recognizing your youthful vigor and ambition, Sir Collin Windawood agrees to sponsor your trip to Giran. Visit Gatekeeper Roxxy and tell her what Sir Windawood said.)
6	-1	[completed]
7	1	A Predecessor's Advice (At one time, Trader Ariel was an Adventurer who traveled many places and had many exciting experiences before coming back to Elven Forest. Ask for her advice.)
7	2	Help From the Hierarch (It's said that Hierarch Asterios sponsors travelers because he wants young Elves to have all the experiences the outside world can offer. Visit Hierarch Asterios.)
7	3	Prepare for a Trip (After securing a promise to return, Hierarch Asterios tells you to visit Gatekeeper Mirabel when you've finished preparing for the trip.)
7	-1	[completed]
8	1	Secret Revenge (Gatekeeper Jasmine ignores your request and says that you're as reckless as Roselyn was when she was young. Visit Sentry Roselyn to find a solution.)
8	2	Roselyn's Revenge (Roselyn is angered by Jasmine's indelicate remark. She asks you to deliver a note containing an important story about Jasmine to Magister Harne.)
8	3	Jasmine's Judgment (Magister Harne has seen the two sisters, Roselyn and Jasmine, fighting for a long time. She asks you to return to Jasmine and deliver her message.)
8	-1	[completed]
9	1	Centurion's Inquisition (Centurion Petukai, in service to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai, questions the meaning of strength. He asks you to visit Seer Tanapi and get the answer.)
9	2	To the City of Humans (Seer Tanapi tells you to go to the city of Humans, Giran, to find answers to the questions asked by Orcs. Visit Gatekeeper Tamil.)
9	-1	[completed]
10	1	Balanki's Test (Silver Scale's Balanki permits a trip if the traveler passes his test. Go see Warehouse Chief Reed.)
10	2	Mining Rights at the Mithril Mines (Warehouse Chief Reed asks you to take a necklace he made to Priest of the Earth Gerald. While you are meeting with the priest, find out to whom the mining rights will be granted.)
10	3	Failure to Obtain the Information (Although you gave him the gift, Gerald did not offer you any information in detail.  Return to Warehouse Chief Reed and tell him what you found out.)
10	4	Bon Voyage! (You've got the permission from Warehouse Chief Reed. Return to Silver Scale's Balanki and start your trip.)
10	-1	[completed]
11	1	Meet Trader Leon (Go to the weapons and armor shop in the Town of Goddard and meet with Trader Leon. Receive a war supplies box that needs to be delivered to the Ketra Orc tribe from him.)
11	2	Meet Ketra Orc's Messenger (You got the war supplies box from Trader Leon in the Town of Goddard. Now, deliver it to Ketra's Messenger Wahkan in the Ketra Orc Outpost.)
11	-1	[completed]
12	1	Meet Trader Helmut (Go to the weapons and armor shop in the Town of Goddard and meet with Trader Helmut. He will give you a box of war supplies. Deliver it to the Varka Silenos.)
12	2	Meet Varka's Herald (Pick up a box of war supplies from Trader Helmut and deliver it to Naran Ashanuk in the Varka Silenos stronghold.)
12	-1	[completed]
13	1	Deliver a Package (Mineral Trader Fundin in the Town of Goddard asks you to deliver a package to Blacksmith Vulcan in the lower region of the Forge of the Gods. Get going!)
13	-1	[completed]
14	1	Deliver a Letter (Trader Liesel of the Town of Goddard asks you to deliver a letter to her Archaeologist friend who left several years ago. She tells you to go to the fork in the road and travel north to find the Shrine of Loyalty and east to go to the Imperial Tomb.)
14	-1	[completed]
15	1	Meet the Mysterious Necromancer (Trader Vladimir asks you to visit the Mysterious Necromancer at the entrance of the Valley of Saints.)
15	2	Meet the Hierarch (The Mysterious Necromancer asks you to visit the Hierarch in charge of the Evil Altar.)
15	-1	[completed]
16	1	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Evil Altar and break the hidden seal.)
16	2	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Evil Altar and break the hidden seal.)
16	3	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Evil Altar and break the hidden seal.)
16	4	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Evil Altar and break the hidden seal.)
16	5	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Evil Altar and break the hidden seal.)
16	6	Breaking the Seal (You've broken all the seals. Speak with Tetrarch who can be found near you.)
16	-1	[completed]
17	1	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Saint's Altar to sprinkle the blood.)
17	2	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Saint's Altar to sprinkle the blood.)
17	3	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Saint's Altar to sprinkle the blood.)
17	4	Breaking the Seal (Go to the Saint's Altar to sprinkle the blood.)
17	5	Breaking the Seal (Mission accomplished. Go find the elder nearby.)
17	-1	[completed]
18	1	Receive the delivered cargo! (Go see the warehouse keeper Daisy of the Town of Rune and receive the supplies to deliver them to Golden Ram Mercenary.)
18	2	Go to the Swamp of Screams! (Deliver the box of supplies you received from Daisy to Mercenary Supplier Abercrombie in the Swamp of Screams.)
18	-1	[completed]
19	1	Mushy Meat (Vladimir says the meat delivered from the  Pastureland is not what he ordered and asks you to return it for him.)
19	-1	[completed]
20	1	Jewel of Innocence (Beast Herder Tunatun asks you to bring him a Jewel of Innocence that is produced when a young beast with a kind heart is raised.)
20	2	Return to Tunatun (You've obtained the Jewel of Innocence! Take it to Beast Herder Tunatun in the Pastureland.)
20	-1	[completed]
21	1	Dark Mage Depression (The Dark Mage is troubled by a ghost's moaning. Perhaps the sound is coming from a nearby tombstone.)
21	2	Ghost of Tombstone (As you read the epitaph, the ghost appears. Ask why he's wandering about.)
21	3	Follow the Ghostly Page (The Ghost of von Hellmann says he'll send you a page to guide you. Follow the page.)
21	4	A Place of Sleeping Rage (The Ghost of von Hellmann gives directions in a rage.)
21	5	Something's Hidden in the Bookshelf (The book was about the Forest of the Dead. Anything else? Flip through some more pages.)
21	6	To the Rune Township Temple (When you touched the crucifix, you thought you heard someone telling you to visit a Priest of Einhasad located in the Rune Township temple. Go there quickly.)
21	7	Find Innocentin (Innocentin was not at the Rune Castle Temple. Could he be around the library?)
21	-1	[completed]
22	1	Necromancy (When you ask about necromancy, Tifaren rebuffs you. Continue to try and persuade her.)
22	2	The Crucifix Vanishes (You need Einhasad's crucifix to perform necromancy. Where did he drop it? Ask High Priest Innocentin.)
22	3	Find Tifaren (Innocentin gives you the crucifix and tells you to speak with Grand Magister Tifaren and perform the necromancy.)
22	4	Catalyst of Necromancy (You need an Elven skull as a catalyst for necromancy. Hunt zombies or ghosts in the Forest of the Dead. Monster to Hunt -  Slaughter Executioner, Trampled Man, Sacrificed Man)
22	5	Return to Tifaren (You've got the catalyst for necromancy. Return to Grand Magister Tifaren in the Rune Township library.)
22	6	Busy Magister (Tifaren is too busy. Ask later when she has some time.)
22	7	Necromancy (The necromancy worked. It lasts for only 2 minutes, so finish your business with the ghost before it disappears.)
22	8	What the Ghost Said (The ghost says Innocentin used to investigate Mystics. Return to High Priest Innocentin.)
22	9	Ghost of Adventurer (The Adventurer was called a devil worshiper and his ghost still shows up at the well. Go there and get the results of his investigation.)
22	10	Drag Time (He asks you to buy him some time at the well. Face the soul of the well until the gem color changes!)
22	11	Color-changing Gem (The color of the gem has changed! Talk to the ghost after defeating or escaping the soul.)
22	12	Report in the Well (It says the report is near the entrance of the well. Get it.)
22	13	Return to Ghost of Adventurer (You've got the report. Talk to the ghost.)
22	14	Report of Ghost (The first seal of the report has been broken. Take it to High Priest Innocentin in the Rune Township.)
22	15	Checking the Report (Innocentin says he wants to check the contents. Return later.)
22	16	Consultation of High Priest (The ghost left records of the war in the Forest of the Dead. Innocentin has the story.)
22	-1	[completed]
23	1	Treasure Hunter Investigation (Innocentin gives you the map and key left by the Treasure Hunter he hired and asks you to find out what he wanted.)
23	2	Key with the Silver Spear (You remember seeing a silver spear engraved on a lock somewhere.  This might be where the key fits.)
23	3	What the Treasure Hunter Left Behind (You've found the lock that matches the silver key. Open it and figure out what he was investigating.)
23	4	Lidia's Diary (Lidia left behind two things. Check her diary for their meaning and return to High Priest Innocentin.)
23	5	Reading the Diary (Innocentin tells you to talk to him again after reading Lidia's diary.)
23	6	Sleep of the Dead (You let Innocentin know about the past. Return to let the ghost rest.)
23	7	What's Under the Tombstone? (The ghost thanks you for Lidia's diary and tells you to take what you find under the tombstone to a town at the center of the forest.)
23	8	Towards the Cursed Town (You found the key with a silver spear engraved on it under the tombstone. Take it to the hidden town at the center of the forest.)
23	9	What's in the Box? (Violet asks you to open the box at the center of the forest with the key and bring back the contents.)
23	10	Silver Key (The box had a silver spear. Take it to Violet in the Cursed Village.)
23	-1	[completed]
24	1	Flowers for the tombstone (Dorian greets you and asks you to lay the flowers at the tombstone.)
24	2	Return to Dorian (You put down the flowers at the tombstone. Return to Dorian.)
24	3	Things That Go Bump in the Night (Dorian asks you to find out what happens in this town at night.)
24	4	Things That Go Bump in the Night (The villagers become vampires at night! Return to Dorian at daylight and tell him.)
24	5	Maid of Lords (Dorian is shocked, then tells you to meet the Lord's maid. She shows up only at night.)
24	6	Letter of Lords (Lidia's maid asks you to come back after reading the letter from her master.)
24	7	Lost Hairpin (Where is that hairpin? Go town and ask around.)
24	8	Recovered Hairpin (You've found the hairpin. Wait until it's dark and meet Lidia's maid.)
24	9	Suspicious Doll (Lidia's maid tells you to hunt the Magus of the Dark Arts, take away their suspicious doll and ask the master of the Magus of Dark Arts about it. Monsters to be hunted - Bone Snatchers, Bone Shapers, Bone Collectors, Bone Animators, Bone Slayers, Skull Collectors, Skull Animators)
24	10	Mystic of Riddles (You've obtained a suspicious doll. Speak with the Mysterious Wizard who controls the Dark Mages.)
24	11	Gathering Thoughts (The Mystic tells you to come back again when you're sure. Gather your thoughts and try talking to him again.)
24	-1	[completed]
25	-2	
25	1	Put On a Poker Face (The Priest of Rune Castle has nothing to say.)
25	2	Lost Doll (You lost the suspicious doll? Could you have lost it in Forest of the Dead?!)
25	3	To the Rune Township Temple (You received the totem from the Mysterious Wizard again. Return to Priest Benedict and tell him what's on your mind!)
25	4	Take Me to the Leader (Benedict says that the highest-ranking person in the temple is High Priest Agripel. He tells you to talk to him.)
25	5	To the Dark Mage (High Priest Agripel has nothing else to say and orders you to return to the man who sent you here before he gives you the key.)
25	6	Key to the Gem (One of the bookshelves discarded in this forest has a lock that matches the key. Find it.)
25	7	The Suspicious Enemy Attacks (Suddenly, a strange enemy shows up and attacks you. Fight it.)
25	8	Investigation of the Bookshelf (You've defeated the mysterious devil. Search the bookshelves again.)
25	9	A Scrap of Truth (A sheet of paper was inside the jewelry box. Go to the girl who recorded everything and ask her about it. If it remains unclear, seek help from the Mysterious Wizard.)
25	10	The Omniscient One (The girl who recorded everything is the one who knows Nidrah's true name! What could it be?)
25	11	Lost Red Dress (Lidia's maid said that she must find the dress that Rose was wearing before she fainted! Where could it be? Where is Rose buried?)
25	12	What's in the Coffin? (When you dig under the tombstone, you find a coffin. Open it!)
25	13	To My Dear, Injured Lady (You've got the red dress. Return to Lidia's maid.)
25	14	Lost in Memories (Lidia's maid asks you to leave her alone for a while. Return to her later.)
25	15	A Shocking Confession (Lidia's maid revealed a shocking fact and told you to speak with Hardin if you wanted the details.)
25	16	Triol's Conspiracy (Hardin tells you what happened to Lidia, and says you should speak with High Priest Agripel in the temple if you're still angry.)
25	17	The Benandanti Cartel (The conspiracy of the Benandanti cartel is just beginning. Say goodbye to Lidia.)
25	18	The Benandanti Cartel (The conspiracy of the Benandanti cartel is just beginning. Meet Hardin and ask him what to do about them.)
25	-1	[completed]
26	1	Post Haste (Isabel Silvershadow in Hunter's Village is in dire need of an adventurer who will hear her request. Silvershadow says that someone is anxiously waiting to receive an item from her and that there could be consequences to those who make this person wait...)
26	-1	[completed]
27	1	A Strange Box (Lanosco asks you to look for a large blue treasure chest. You should use the special bait he gave you to find it. You can also ask around to see if anyone has already found the chest.)
27	2	An Unusual Golem Blueprint (When you open the large blue treasure chest, you find an unusual Golem Blueprint. Take it to Shaling at the Blacksmith Shop in the Town of Dion.)
27	-1	[completed]
28	1	Searching For a Strange Box (O'Fulle asks you to find a yellow treasure chest. Its owner lost it in the water. If your fishing skill is at least level 12, try using a special bait to find it, or, you could ask around to see if anyone has already found it.)
28	2	Delivering Kiki's Letter (You find a letter when you open the yellow chest. Take it to Mineral Trader Kiki at the Blacksmith Shop in the village.)
28	-1	[completed]
29	1	A Small Purple Box (Fishing Guild Member Willie asks you to find a small purple box. Its owner dropped it in the water. You could try to fish it out with special bait ergonomically designed to attract "purple boxes", or you could ask around to see if anyone's already found it.)
29	2	A Small Glass Box (When you open the small purple treasure chest, you find a small glass box. Take it to Anabel in Heine Village.)
29	-1	[completed]
30	1	Red treasure chest (Fishing Guild Member Linnaeus asks you to find a Red Treasure Chest. Its owner dropped it in the water. You could try to fish it out with special bait ergonomically designed to attract a "Red Treasure Chest", or you could ask around to see if anyone's already found it.)
30	2	Rukal's Musical Score (Using the Flaming Fishing Lure that Linnaeus gave you, you managed to snag a box. It contains a single musical note. Who has time for music in this war-stricken world other than a few aristocrats? Take it to Rukal in the Town of Dion.)
30	-1	[completed]
31	1	Search for Researcher Krorin! (Find the whereabouts of Researcher Krorin, who disappeared while investigating the Swamp of Screams. Also recover Krorin's research journal containing information about the monument of the ancients that Krorin uncovered through his investigation.)
31	2	Take the journal to Abercrombie! (Take the research journal you recovered from Researcher Krorin and take it to Abercrombie who is in the Barracks of the Golden Ram Mercenary Force.)
31	3	Find the forgotten monument! (Continue Krorin's investigation of the ancient stone tablet. From his journal, you've found the first monument. Now, find the second one.)
31	4	Find the second monument! (Go to the location indicated by the diagram engraved on the surface of the stone tablet to find the second monument.)
31	5	Find the third monument! (Go to the location indicated by the geometrical figures engraved on the surface of the stone tablet to find the third monument.)
31	6	Find the fourth monument! (By analyzing the map engraved on the surface of the stone tablet, you know where the next monument is located. Go there and find it.)
31	7	Return to Abercrombie! (Return to Mercenary Supplier Abercrombie in the barracks of the Golden Ram Mercenary Force and let him know about the four monuments.)
31	-1	[completed]
32	1	Meet Gentler (High Priest Maximilian says that Trader Gentler of Town of Giran needs help. Go meet Gentler.)
32	2	Find Miki the Cat (Trader Gentler says that he's lost contact with Miki the Cat on Devil's Isle and asks you to deliver the map to him and get some herbs in return.)
32	3	Find Herbs (Miki the Cat says that he found the herbs, but lost them when the pouch containing the herbs got torn while he was wandering around lost. He asks you to obtain 20 herbs. Get  them by hunting alligators on Alligator Beach. Monster to Hunt - Alligators)
32	4	Deliver the Herbs (You've got all the herbs that Trader Gentler of Town of Giran asked for. Take them to him immediately!)
32	5	Collect Spirit Ore (Gentler needs 500 more Spirit Ore to make the medicine and asks you to get them.)
32	6	Get Your Reward (You ask Trader Gentler to pay you and he says that Miki the Cat has already been paid for the Spirit Ore. He tells you to get the money from him.)
32	7	A Lie Exposed (Miki the Cat says he never signed any contract and sends you back to Trader Gentler in Town of Giran.)
32	8	The Final Ingredient (Gentler apologizes and promises to make you an exquisite accessory if you'll bring him some more ingredients. He asks you to collect 145 Accessory Gem (Low-grade) and 70 Armor Fragment (Low-grade).)
32	-1	[completed]
33	1	Meet Leikar (Woodley asks you to meet Leikar and get the materials for the formal wear she's making. Find Leikar and get some fabric.)
33	2	Meet Woodley (Leikar doesn't have any more of the formal wear fabric, but she's willing to make some for Woodley if you tell him it's the one that she made long ago.)
33	3	Gather Ingredients (Woodley needs materials to make the dress shoes and asks you to bring him 360 Worn Leather, 90 Accessory Gems (Low-grade), and 500,000 Adena.)
33	4	Woodley's Errands (Woodley asks you to deliver 300,000 Adena to Ian to pay off the balance on his account while he's making the dress shoes.)
33	5	Meet Woodley (Ian accepts the payment and asks you to tell Woodley that he will charge interest next time.)
33	-1	[completed]
34	1	Go to Varan (Radia hasn't begun work because the ingredients that she ordered haven't been delivered yet. Visit Trader Varan and check on her delivery.)
34	2	Return to Radia (Varan says it is difficult to get the supply and he cannot deliver the order on the due date and asks for understanding.)
34	3	Go to Ralford (Radia says she'll contact Ralford in the Ivory Tower in advance and asks you to get the materials from her.)
34	4	Squash the Spiders (Ralford doesn't have the items that Radia ordered, but she could get the spidersilk if she had some spinnerets. Go to the Sea of Spores and get 10 spinnerets. Monsters to be hunted - Corpse Spider and Explosive Spider)
34	5	Go to Ralford (You've hunted spiders and obtained 10 spinnerets. Return to Ralford and ask her to spin out the spidersilk.)
34	6	Return to Radia (Ralford makes you the spidersilk and asks you to bring him 420 Armor Fragments (Low-grade) and 750 Accessory Gems (Low-grade).)
34	-1	[completed]
35	1	Go to Felton (Ellie says the ore that she ordered haven't arrived and asks you to visit Felton and find out when her order will arrive.)
35	2	Sail for Alligator Beach (Felton suggests you go to Alligator Beach to get the ore by hunting Alligators. Bring back 10 ore.)
35	3	Return to Ellie (You've got 10 ore. Return to Ellie and ask her to make them into gems.)
35	4	Ingredients to Cut Gems (Ellie says she needs more materials and asks you to bring her 95 Iron Ore, 405 Armor Fragments (Low-grade) and 385 Accessory Gem (Low-grade).)
35	-1	[completed]
36	1	Get Reinforced Steel (Ferris needs Reinforced Steel and asks you to catch an Reinforced Steel Golem in the Ivory Tower and bring him 5 fragments of the golem. Monster to Hunt -  Reinforced Steel Golem)
36	2	Return to Ferris (You've attained 5 fragments from the Reinforced Steel Golem. Return to Ferris.)
36	3	Gather Ingredients (Ferris asks for 180 Iron Ore and 360 Cokes.)
36	-1	[completed]
37	1	Finding Leikar (Trader Alexis says Leikar makes great formal wear and tells you to visit her.)
37	2	Leikar's Request (Leikar asks you to run errands for her while she's making the formal wear. Visit Jeremy and get some cookies.)
37	3	Jeremy's Errands (Jeremy asks you to deliver wine to Mist while he's baking cookies.)
37	4	Return to Jeremy (You've delivered the wine to Mist. Return to Jeremy and get the cookies.)
37	5	Leikar's Errands (Jeremy made you the cookies that Leikar asked for. Carefully deliver them.)
37	6	Leikar's Request (Leikar says she ordered the materials for the formal wear, but they've not yet been delivered and she asks you to check on them. Ask Blacksmith Ferris in the Town of Aden about the sewing kit, Radia in Town of Giran about the fabrics, Ellie in Town of Giran about the gems.)
37	7	Making Shoes (Leikar asks you to go to Trader Woodley in the Town of Aden and have the dress shoes made while she's making the formal wear.)
37	-1	[completed]
38	1	Wipe out the Raiders! (Lately, Langk Lizardmen's attacks have sharply increased on the south coast road to Giran. The guards have asked you to destroy the Lizardmen that are disturbing the peace. Monsters to be hunted - Langk Lizardman Sentinels, Langk Lizardman Lieutenants)
38	2	Return to Guard Luis (You've defeated the Langk Lizardmen that have been threatening the southern coast road. Return to Guard Luis of Gludin Village.)
38	3	Mysterious Tooth (You discover a strange tooth among the warriors' effects. Ask Magister Iris about it.)
38	4	Towards Magister Rohmer (Magister Iris was able to identify the tooth as coming from a dragon, but is unable to control it. She suggests that you ask Magister Rohmer in the Town of Gludio.)
38	5	Exposed Secret (An expert in the sorcery of Lizardmen, Magister Rohmer has important reference data and asks you to deliver it to Magister Iris at once.)
38	6	Find the Tooth (Magister Iris has discovered the secret of the dragon's tooth. To destroy the savage sorcery, she must have many more of the teeth. She asks you to steal 50 teeth from the Lizardmen. Monsters to be hunted - Langk Lizardman Shamans, Langk Lizardman Leaders)
38	7	Mission Complete (You've collected the 50 dragon's teeth that Magister Iris asked for. Take them to her.)
38	-1	[completed]
39	1	Invaders of Gludio (Guard Babenco of the Town of Gludio has recently noticed increased movements of Lizardmen on the west side of town and he's seeking recruits to help defeat them. All volunteers should report to Captain Bathis.)
39	2	Destroy the Maille Lizardmen's Vanguard (Taking advantage of confusion after the war, a savage tribe, Maille Lizardman, that came into the center of Gludio is gaining its power. Captain Bathis orders you to destroy the Maille Lizardmen's vanguard and bring 100 Red Bone Necklaces and 100 Black Bone Necklaces as the evidence. Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardman, Maille Lizardman Scout, Maille Lizardman Guard)
39	3	Drumbeats of Victory (You've destroyed the Maille Lizardmen. Take your trophies to Captain Bathis.)
39	4	Search for Clues (When Captain Bathis received the report that Arachnids showed up during the previous battle, he suspected that there might be a conspiracy between the Maille Lizardmen and the Arachnids. He has asked you to investigate the possibility of a relationship between them.  Investigate both sides and look for evidence of a conspiracy.  Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardman Guards, Maille Lizardman Scouts and Giant Arachnids)
39	5	Conspiracy Revealed (After much searching, you've discovered the clues to the conspiracy! Return to Captain Bathis.)
39	-1	[completed]
40	1	To O'Fulle (Helvetia, the grocer of the Town of Giran, has asked you to bring the fish chest requested of O'Fulle and the Seed Jar requested of Gesto. O'Fulle is located nearby.)
40	2	To Gesto (You have received the Fish Chest from O'Fulle, the fishing guild member. Onto Gesto next.)
40	3	To Helvetia (You have received the seed jar from Gesto the warehouse chief. Return to Helvetia.)
40	4	Acquire Elcyum (Helvetia has asked that you lastly bring Elcyum crystals. Indulge her.)
40	5	To Gesto (Helvetia says that a jar of seeds that she ordered has not arrived, and she asks you to go find Warehouse Chief Gesto to check on it. Let's go to see Gesto.)
40	6	Get Seeds (Gesto had forgotten to get the jar of seeds. He asks you to obtain the seeds for him. Obtain the seeds and return to Gesto.)
40	7	To Helvetia (Take the jar of seeds that Gesto made and go find Helvetia.)
40	-1	[completed]
42	1	A Trident is Needed (Pet Manager Waters asks you to find him a trident.)
42	2	Hunting Monster Eyes (Waters cannot send the trident because of the monster eyes lurking near the village. Hunt the monster eyes for him. Monsters to hunt -  Plains of Dion: Monster Eye Destroyer Dion Hills: Monster Eye Gazer)
42	3	Return to Waters (You've defeated 30 monster eyes. Return to Pet Manager Waters.)
42	4	The Plan of Attack (The monster eyes had a map containing their attack plans! Show it to Sophya.)
42	5	Return to Waters (Sophya thanks you for the information and asks you to thank Waters for her, too. Return to Pet Manager Waters.)
42	-1	[completed]
43	1	A Crafted Dagger (Pet Manager Cooper asks you to get him a crafted dagger.)
43	2	Hunting in the Dion Hills (Worried for his younger sister's safety during her journey, Cooper has asked you to hunt monsters in the Dion Hills. He says 30 monsters might be enough. Monsters to hunt - Hobgoblin, Dion Grizzly, Dire Wolf, Ol Mahum Ranger, Monster Eye Searcher, Monster Eye Gazer, Enku Orc Champion, Enku Orc Shaman)
43	3	Return to Cooper (You've hunted monsters on the Dion Hills and obtained a piece of a strange map. Return to Pet Manager Cooper.)
43	4	Map for Galladucci (The thing that monsters in the Dion Hills had looks like the map that should have been delivered to Galladucci. Visit Galladucci at his shop.)
43	5	Return to Cooper (Trader Galladucci asks you to tell Cooper that he will buy him a big dinner around the Period of Tera. Return to Pet Manager Cooper.)
43	-1	[completed]
44	1	Find a Work Hammer (Pet Manager Lundy asks you to find him a work hammer.)
44	2	Hunt Maille Lizardman (After getting the work hammer, Lundy asks you to hunt 30 more Maille Lizardmen in this area. Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardmen, Maille Lizardman Guards, Maille Lizardman Scouts)
44	3	Return to Lundy (When you defeated the 30 Maille Lizardmen they dropped some strange things. Take them to Pet Manager Lundy.)
44	4	Bead of Riddles (The bead that came from the monsters looks like the object that High Prefect Drikus ordered you to bring to him. Go visit him.)
44	5	Return to Lundy (Drikus says we must determine exactly who owns the bead and asks you to talk to Pet Manager Lundy to determine the owner. Return to Lundy.)
44	-1	[completed]
45	1	First Scroll (You came to get help with the Traveler's Mark, but Galladucci will only help you if you work for him. Take the scroll and visit Magic Trader Gentler.)
45	2	To the Luxury Shop (Take the sword of magic that Galladucci ordered and return to the Luxury Shop.)
45	3	Second Scroll (The second task. Get a new scroll and go see Jeweler Sandra at the Jewelry Shop.)
45	4	Return to the Boutique (You've received gemstone powder from Sandra.  Take it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
45	5	Third Order Document (This is the last errand for Galladucci. Visit Priest Dustin at the Einhasad Temple and deliver the scroll.)
45	6	Last Delivery (You've got the purified necklace that was once cursed. Deliver it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
45	-1	[completed]
46	1	First Scroll (You came to get help with the Traveler's Mark, but Galladucci will only help you if you work for him. Take the scroll and visit Magic Trader Gentler.)
46	2	To the Luxury Shop (Take the sword of magic that Galladucci ordered and return to the Luxury Shop.)
46	3	Second Scroll (The second task. Get a new scroll and go see Jeweler Sandra at the Jewelry Shop.)
46	4	Return to the Boutique (You've received gemstone powder from Sandra.  Take it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
46	5	Third Order Document (This is the last errand for Galladucci. Visit Priest Dustin at the Einhasad Temple and deliver the scroll.)
46	6	Last Delivery (You've got the purified necklace that was once cursed. Deliver it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
46	-1	[completed]
47	1	First Scroll (You came to get help with the Traveler's Mark, but Galladucci will only help you if you work for him. Take the scroll and visit Magic Trader Gentler.)
47	2	To the Luxury Shop (Take the sword of magic that Galladucci ordered and return to the Luxury Shop.)
47	3	Second Scroll (The second task. Get a new scroll and go see Jeweler Sandra at the Jewelry Shop.)
47	4	Return to the Boutique (You've received gemstone powder from Sandra.  Take it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
47	5	Third Order Document (This is the last errand for Galladucci. Visit Priest Dustin at the Einhasad Temple and deliver the scroll.)
47	6	Last Delivery (You've got the purified necklace that was once cursed. Deliver it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
47	-1	[completed]
48	1	First Scroll (You came to get help with the Traveler's Mark, but Galladucci will only help you if you work for him. Take the scroll and visit Magic Trader Gentler.)
48	2	To the Luxury Shop (Take the sword of magic that Galladucci ordered and return to the Luxury Shop.)
48	3	Second Scroll (The second task. Get a new scroll and go see Jeweler Sandra at the Jewelry Shop.)
48	4	Return to the Boutique (You've received gemstone powder from Sandra.  Take it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
48	5	Third Order Document (This is the last errand for Galladucci. Visit Priest Dustin at the Einhasad Temple and deliver the scroll.)
48	6	Last Delivery (You've got the purified necklace that was once cursed. Deliver it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
48	-1	[completed]
49	1	First Scroll (You came to get help with the Traveler's Mark, but Galladucci will only help you if you work for him. Take the scroll and visit Magic Trader Gentler.)
49	2	To the Luxury Shop (Take the sword of magic that Galladucci ordered and return to the Luxury Shop.)
49	3	Second Scroll (The second task. Get a new scroll and go see Jeweler Sandra at the Jewelry Shop.)
49	4	Return to the Boutique (You've received gemstone powder from Sandra.  Take it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
49	5	Third Order Document (This is the last errand for Galladucci. Visit Priest Dustin at the Einhasad Temple and deliver the scroll.)
49	6	Last Delivery (You've got the purified necklace that was once cursed. Deliver it to Galladucci at his boutique.)
49	-1	[completed]
50	1	Power of Wind (Lanosco asks you to bring him 100 essences of wind, the special ingredient he needs to make a fishing lure containing the power of wind. Monsters to be hunted -Singing Winds)
50	2	Obtaining the Essence of Wind (You've collected 100 essences of wind requested by Lanosco. Return to him.)
50	-1	[completed]
51	1	Lost Fishing Lures (Fishing Guild Member O'Fulle of Giran asks you to help him recover some fishing lure ingredients that he's lost. Bring back 100 lost bait ingredients. Monsters to be hunted -Fettered Souls)
51	2	Collection Complete (You've collected 100 lost bait ingredients for O'Fulle. He says he's lost thousands of them! That poor O'Fulle... Return to him.)
51	-1	[completed]
52	1	Spirit of Earth (Fishing Guild Member Willie uses the very essence of the earth to create a lure that is unimaginable, impractical and that will draw just about anything out of the water. Obtain 100 Eyes of a Tarlk basilisk for him. Monsters to be hunted -Tarlk Basilisk)
52	2	Collecting ingredients (You've collected 100 Eyes from Tarlk Basilisks as Willie requested. How can you make a fishing lure out of this stuff? What will those Humans think of next?)
52	-1	[completed]
53	1	Crimson Drake Heart (Linnaeus makes a very special bait that catches a very special kind of fish. Don't you want to catch something special?   Monsters to be hunted -Crimson Drakes)
53	2	Return to Linnaeus (You have collected the Crimson Drake Hearts Linnaeus told you about. How can you possibly catch fish with this stuff? What will those Humans think of next?)
53	-1	[completed]
60	1	Daeger's Favor (Blueprint Seller Daeger tells you that Mark was supposed to come and see him but has not. Daeger asks that if you see Mark, you should tell him to come find him.)
60	2	Examine Mark (Fortunately, you defeated the sudden assailant. Examine the fallen Mark to see if he is OK.)
60	3	Find the Antidote - 1 (Marks says that he has been poisoned, and he asks you to find him the antidote. Go find Daeger and try to obtain the antidote.)
60	4	Find the Antidote - 2 (Daeger laments his own situation, and he asks you to obtain the antidote from Helvetia.)
60	5	A Slight Delay (Helvetia says that it will take some time to determine the type of poison. Go back in a little while.)
60	6	Obtain Some Money (Helvetia asks for 3,000,000 adena in payment for the antidote. Obtain some money before going back.)
60	7	Obtain the Antidote (You pay Helvetia and obtain the antidote. Return to Mark and feed it to him.)
60	8	To Daeger (Mark has eaten the antidote and is trying to recover his strength. This is a dangerous place, so return to Daeger's location and wait for Mark to come by)
60	9	Waiting for Mark (Daeger says that you will hear the news if you wait just a little. You must recover the cost of the antidote.)
60	10	Searching for the Black Marketeer (Mark has sent word. But instead of coming in person, he instructs you to go find the Black Marketeer of Mammon. Go to see the Black Marketeer.)
60	-1	[completed]
61	1	To the Museum (If you want to know more about the Inspector and Judicator, you should visit Hierarch Kekropus. In order to go to him, you have go inside the museum located in the Talking Island. You can go inside the museum through Pantheon.)
61	2	The One Who Knows Everything (Entered inside the museum through Pantheon. Now if you want to know about Judicator, let's find Hierarch Kekropus and speak to him.)
61	3	Nostra's Successor (The first inspector and master of souls, Nostra's Successor is said to be somewhere in the Talking Island. Find him.)
61	-1	[completed]
62	1	Obtain a Recommendation (In order to take the test to become a Trooper, a letter of recommendation is required from Master Shubain in Gludin Village.)
62	2	First Training Goals (Training with Master Shubain needs to be completed in order to receive the required recommendation to take the test to be a Trooper. The first objective in your training is to kill Felim Lizardman Warriors in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds and bring back 5 of their heads.  Monster to Hunt - Felim Lizardman Warriors.)
62	3	Second Training Goals (The second part of the training consists of going to Windmill Hill to wipe out the spider population. Bring back 10 Venomous Spider Legs as proof of your efforts. Monsters to be hunted - Venomous Spiders)
62	4	Training Completed (Master Shubain has completed all the training and has acquired a letter of recommendation. Go see Master Gwain in the town of Gludio to take the test to become a Trooper.)
62	5	Test to be a Trooper (To become a Trooper, you must first pass a major test -- destroy a monster known as the Tumran Bugbear and bring back its heart. You will find the Tumran Bugbear in the Ruins of Agony.  Monsters to be hunted - Tumran Bugbear)
62	-1	[completed]
63	1	The Test of the Steelrazor (The Xekerin Troops say that you will be able to obtain a new power if you pass the Qualification Test to be a Steelrazor. Visit Master Sione to take the test.)
63	2	Collecting Information (To pass the Qualification Test of a Steelrazor, you must complete a special mission. Destroy Ol Mahum Novices and Patrols in the Abandoned Camp and acquire their Organization Charts and Orders. Monsters to be hunted - Ol Mahum Novices, Ol Mahum Patrols)
63	3	Mission Complete (The Ol Mahum Orders and Organization Charts have been acquired. Report back to Master Sione.)
63	4	Messenger Mission - 1 (Deliver the completed report based on information you collected from the Abandoned Camp to Gobie in Gludio Castle.)
63	5	Messenger Mission - 2 (This information must be shared with the nearby races for the benefit of all. Deliver Gobie's Letter to Captain Bathis, the Human Contact.)
63	6	Messenger Mission - 2 Complete (Even among the Humans there seems to be differing views of the Kamael. Return to Gobie to report as quickly as possible.)
63	7	Messenger Mission - 3 (Next is the Dark Elf Contact, Grand Master Tobias. Hurry up and complete the mission with the delivery of Gobie's Letter.)
63	8	Messenger Mission - 3 Complete (You were welcomed with words of friendship. Return to Gobie to report.)
63	9	Messenger Mission - Final Report (Report to Master Sione about the accomplished Missions ordered by Gobie up to now.)
63	10	Return to Gobie (Thankfully, your mission seems nearly over -- you're exhausted! Return to Gobie for additional orders.)
63	11	Capture of Ol Mahum Officer Tak (The Xekerin Troops that went out to capture Ol Mahum Officer Tak have been annihilated. The Maille Lizardmen are thought to be hiding Tak. Eliminate Maille Lizardmen in the Maille Lizardmen Barracks to make Tak appear.  Hunt Maille Lizardmen and capture Ol Mahum Officer Tak with the Soul Crystal. Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardmen, Maille Lizardman Scouts, Maille Lizardman Guards, and Ol Mahum Officer Tak.)
63	12	Ol Mahum Officer Tak Captured (Ol Mahum Officer Tak has been captured. Hurry and return to Gobie to report.)
63	-1	[completed]
64	1	The Test Begins (Master Orkurus informs you that if you wish to join the Guild, you should help find Master Tenain. Go to Master Tenain.)
64	2	Kill Breka Orcs (Master Tenain asks you to go to the Breka Orc Stronghold and kill them. Monsters to be hunted - Breka Orcs, Breka Orc Archers, Breka Orc Warriors, Breka Orc Shamans, Breka Orc Overlords)
64	3	Mission Complete (You killed 20 Breka Orcs and collected their heads. Take them to Master Tenain.)
64	4	Chase the Transportation Unit (Master Tenain asks you to help the Transportation Unit, which is currently located near Death Pass. Go there.)
64	5	Message Plate (Gort asks you to find a message plate left behind by the Transportation Unit. If they moved to the scheduled route, Road Scavengers will have the message plate.  Monsters to be hunted - Road Scavengers)
64	6	Return to Gort (You found the message plate. Take it to Gort.)
64	7	Break the Password (According to Gort, Tenain knows how to break the password.)
64	8	Meet Entien (Tenain asks you to help Master Entien in the Town of Dion stop information from reaching the enemy.)
64	9	Stop Information Leaks (Entien asks you to defeat the enemies who fled to the east and north before the information is delivered to their headquarters. Those who went east have been transformed into Dead Seekers in the Execution Grounds, while those who went north have been transformed into Marsh Stakato Drones in the Cruma Marshlands. Monsters to be hunted - Dead Seekers, Marsh Stakato Drones)
64	10	Return to Entien (The information leak has been stopped. Report back to Entien.)
64	11	Return to Tenain. (Entien congratulates you for plugging the information leak and tells you to return to Tenain.)
64	12	To the Plains of the Lizardmen (Tenain found another message plate and sent additional troops, but they were all killed. Go save Harkilgamed by killing the Divine Emissary in the Plains of the Lizardmen. Monsters to be hunted - Divine Emissary)
64	13	Return to Tenain (Harkilgamed tells you that he saved Enuma Elish. Relay this news to Tenain.)
64	14	Test Completed (You have succeeded in helping Tenain. Return to Master Orkurus with his letter of recommendation.)
64	-1	[completed]
65	1	The Test Begins (To qualify to become a Soul Breaker, visit Hierarch Kekropus.)
65	2	Go to Casca (Visit Vice Hierarch Casca to test your qualifications.)
65	3	Return to Casca (Casca tells you he is busy and asks you to return later.)
65	4	The Mission Begins (Vice Hierarch Casca says that there is a suspicious man who walks around the Guild and inspects the cargo that comes from Gludin Village. Investigate him and get the cargo. Let's go to Grand Master Holst in the Town of Dion.)
65	5	A Suspicious Man (A suspicious man did appear in Dion, but he has since left. Talk with Grand Master Holst again.)
65	6	Let's meet Guards. (Holst claims that he has seen a strange man fleeing to the northwest. Find the guards stationed in the northwest and question them.)
65	7	Meet the Captain (It seems the man did not escape along the northwestern route after all. Find Captain Lucas, who is stationed at the South Gate.)
65	8	Meet the North Guards (According to the Captain, the man did not pass through the Southern Gate. Go find the North Guards.)
65	9	To Giran Castle Town (The man has already passed through Northern Gate towards Giran. Go to Giran Castle Town to obtain information from the North Gate Guards, Zerome or Vesa.)
65	10	Into Giran Castle Town (You confirm that the man is in Giran Castle. Visit the Kamael Guild Grand Master in Giran Castle Town.)
65	11	To Giran Harbor (He has already gone to Giran Harbor with freight information. Pursue him immediately; you may have just enough time to catch him before the freight arrives at the harbor.)
65	12	In Search of Freights (The freight ship was wrecked by wind and waves! Recovery of its cargo is underway. Go to Devil's Isle, where the shipwreck occurred.)
65	13	Mission Complete (The freight has been recovered. Katenar tells you to take his letter to Hierarch Casca. Visit Vice Hierarch Casca to report your progress.)
65	14	Go to Kekropus (Vice Hierarch Casca congratulates you on completing the job without any difficulties. He says that you have sufficiently proven your ability. Go to Kekropus.)
65	15	Obtain the Heart of Wyrm (As the final test, Kekropus asks you to use your magic powers to bring him 10 Wyrm Hearts. Monster to Hunt: Wyrm)
65	16	Return to Kekropus (All 10 Wyrm Hearts have been acquired. Return to Kekropus.)
65	17	Go to Vitus (You have passed the test of Kekropus. Go to Vitus and notify him that you have proved your worth.)
65	-1	[completed]
66	1	Secret Organization (To find the clue necessary for changing your class to Arbalester, you must locate their secret organization. Speak with Master Rindy to obtain information about the secret organization.)
66	2	Bait (Dion Castle Dark Elf Magister Clayton is said to possess information that may be of interest to the secret organization. In exchange, they may be willing to make you an Arbalester. Go and find out.)
66	3	Clayton's Favor (To get the information you need, you must do a favor for Clayton. Go to Floran Village and collect materials for his magical experiments. Monsters to be hunted - Watchman of the Plains, Roughly Hewn Rock Golem, Delu Lizardmen Supplier, Delu Lizardmen Special Agent, Cursed Seer, Delu Lizardmen Commander, Delu Lizardmen Shaman)
66	4	Crystals Collected (You have collected all the Enmity Crystals requested by Clayton. Deliver them to him in exchange for the secret information he promised.)
66	5	Delivery (According to Clayton, Blacksmith Poitan has a very important secret. Subtly ask Poitan while you are delivering Clayton's magical materials.)
66	6	The Giants' Archive (Warehouse Keeper Holvas, a friend of Poitan, knows something about the Archive of Giants that concerns the recently discovered Kamael race. Go and investigate.)
66	7	Manuscript Pieces (Holvas' messenger has been ambushed and the Manuscript of Giants has been scattered. Collect all the pieces of the manuscript in the Execution Grounds and bring them to Holvas to learn about the secrets it contains. Monsters to be hunted - Amber Basilisk, Strain, Ghoul, Granite Golem, Dead Seeker, Hanged Man Ripper)
66	8	All Pieces Obtained (All the pieces of manuscript have been collected. Return to Holvas and put them all together to learn the contents of the manuscript.)
66	9	Secret Password (The manuscript contains a secret encoded message written in an ancient Kamael language. Take it to Grand Master Meldina for decoding.)
66	10	Secret Organization Inquisitor (You have finally made contact with the Secret Organization! It is said to be the finest of its kind among the Kamael. In order to take its test, visit Grand Master Selsia in Hunters Village.)
66	11	Investigation of Assault Case (Investigate the assault on a high-ranking Giran officer; it may be related to an important secret of the Kamael. Monsters to be hunted - Grandis)
66	12	Wirepuller of the Assault (Grandis has been terminated and a Fragment of Grandis' Attack Orders has been acquired. Part of the Ivory Tower Wizard's Seal is shown. If the rest of the order pieces are found, it will be possible to discover who is behind this.  Collect the rest of the order fragments. Monsters to be hunted - Grandis.)
66	13	Wirepuller of the Assault (You collect the entirety of Grandis' Attack Orders and have discovered that the seal on them belongs to Ivory Tower Magister Gaius. Go to Gaius and ask about the assault.)
66	14	Research Document on the Giants' Whereabouts (Gaius says that he instigated the assault in order to stop the Research Document of Giants, which contains an important secret of the Kamael, from falling into the hands of Beleth. The document had disappeared following the attack of the Manashen Gargoyle in the Ivory Tower Crater while it was being transported to the Ivory Tower. Investigate Manashen Gargoyle. Monsters to be hunted - Manashen Gargoyle)
66	15	Manipulation Scroll (You have acquired a fragment of the Manipulation Scroll that Manashen used to attack the messenger carrying the research document. Collect all the pieces to find out who it is. Monsters to be hunted - Manashen)
66	16	Owner of Scroll (All of the Manipulation Scroll has been collected. The owner of Scroll seems to be the Ivory Tower Magister Gauen. Meet Gauen and ask what happened to the Stolen Research Document on Giants.)
66	17	Desire of Wizards (You visit Gauen, who tells you that Magister Kaiena was the true mastermind. Visit her.)
66	18	Where is Truth? (Magister Kaiena claims she was tricked by Gauen when she tried to stop Beleth from obtaining the Research Document of the Giants. Sorting out who is telling the truth will take some time. Go report to Selsia.)
66	19	Research Document on the Giants' Whereabouts (After hearing your report, Selsia tells you that another team's investigation has uncovered that the Crimson Lady, one of Beleth's underlings, is the one who stole the Research Document of Giants. She is guarded by Timak Orc Soldiers and Archers in the Timak Orc Camp.  Monsters to be hunted - Timak Orc Soldier, Timak Orc Archer, Crimson Lady)
66	20	Acquisition of Research Document (You have recovered the Research Documents of the Giants from the Crimson Lady. Return to Selsia and report your success.)
66	-1	[completed]
67	1	Visit Master Duroga (In order to break the Seal of Power and free the Kamael's new powers, you must visit 6 Tablets of Vision scattered throughout the world. Travel to the Town of Aden and speak with Master Duroga; he may be able to tell you more.)
67	2	Obtain Freezer (Master Duroga instructs you to visit Information Broker Mist in the Hot Springs area and obtain the Freezer he asked for. Go see him.)
67	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Mist has the Freezer, but its power source has been depleted. If you collect Ice Crystals and bring them to him, he will give you the Freezer.)
67	4	Return to Master Duroga (You have obtained the Freezer from Information Broker Mist. Return to Master Duroga.)
67	5	The First Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	6	Tablet Guardians (You sense that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge, located near the next Tablet of Vision, has the next Resonance Amulet. Defeat the Guardian and obtain it.)
67	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	8	A Suspicious Man (You sense that a suspicious man near the next Tablet of Vision has the next Resonance Amulet. Defeat him and get the Amulet.)
67	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	10	Visit Master Digler (You feel that Master Digler of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Meet Master Digler.)
67	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra Orc Village and obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom, which is actually a fragment of a Resonance Amulet. The Ketra Orcs know that the Holy Stone of Wisdom possesses powerful magic and arcane knowledge, but they do not know its exact purpose. Therefore, it is traditionally entrusted to the wisest person in the tribe. Earn the trust of Wahkan, the messenger of the Ketra, and prove your wisdom in order to obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom.  If the Holy Stone of Wisdom cannot be obtained from the Ketra Orcs, go to the Varka Silenos Village and earn the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk. Prove your wisdom to him and you may be able to obtain that tribe's Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
67	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos Village and obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom, which is actually a fragment of a Resonance Amulet. The Varka Silenos know that the Holy Stone of Wisdom possesses powerful magic and arcane knowledge, but they do not know its exact purpose. Therefore, it is traditionally entrusted to the wisest person in the tribe. Earn the trust of Naran Ashanuk, the messenger of the Ketra, and prove your wisdom in order to obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom.  If the Holy Stone of Wisdom cannot be obtained from the Varka Silenos, go to the Ketra Orc Village and earn the trust of their messenger, Wahkan. Prove your wisdom to him and you may be able to obtain that tribe's Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
67	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	14	Return to Master Digler (You sense that Master Digler in the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Go meet him.)
67	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (This Resonance Amulet is in the possession of a monster known as the Archon of Halisha, who lurks inside the Four Sepulchers. You may only enter the Four Sepulchers as a member of a party. If you are unable to find a party with which to enter the Four Sepulchers, continue hunting the minions of the Archon of Halisha in the Shrine of Loyalty and collect Marks of Halisha. The Archon will appear once you have collected 700 Marks of Halisha. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
67	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	17	A Suspicious Shadow (You sense that a suspicious creature near the next Tablet of Vision has the next Resonance Amulet. Defeat him and get the Amulet.)
67	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You have obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to communicate with the Tablet of Vision. Find the Tablet of Vision you saw in your mind's eye.)
67	19	To the Isle of Souls (All communication with the Tablets of Vision has been finished. Return to Heirarch Kekropus on the Isle of Souls.)
67	20	More Training Needed (Complete some additional training before returning to Hierarch Kekropus on the Isle of Souls. (Only characters level 76 or higher may change their class to Doombringer. Don't abandon the quest until the class transfer is complete!))
67	-1	[completed]
68	1	A Trip Begins (Hierarch Kekropus suggests that you visit Warehouse Chief Mona in Goddard to begin your quest for the sealed power. Receive the Resonance Amulet from her.)
68	2	Path to the Key (Warehouse Chief Mona claims to have lost the key to her safe. Go to Goddard Castle Head Blacksmith Noel to get a key.)
68	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Head Blacksmith Noel says he doesn't have more spare keys. To make them, he will require Ice Crystals. Rumor has it that Jeremy, whom you can find at the Hot Springs, can tell you how to  obtain Ice Crystals.)
68	4	Return to Mona (Head Blacksmith Noel has made a spare key with the Ice Crystals you brought him. Take it to Warehouse Chief Mona.)
68	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Warehouse Chief Mona gives you the Resonance Amulet and tells you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
68	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the information you received from the first Tablet of Vision, you can find another person with a Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
68	7	The Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
68	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
68	9	The Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
68	10	In Search of the Fourth Resonance Amulet (You saw a blacksmith in the Rune Township at the third tablet. Visit him and find the whereabouts of the Resonance Amulet.)
68	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Head Blacksmith Lombert tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger, Wahkan, and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
68	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Head Blacksmith Lombert instructs you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger, Naran Ashanuk, in order to obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
68	13	The Tablet of Vision (You obtained the Holy Stone of Wisdom and created a new Resonance Amulet. Now go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
68	14	In Search of the Another Resonance Amulet (Kamael Warrior was seen on the corner of the way from the Gateway of Evil Spirits to the Swamp of Scream. He may know about something. Let us go and look for him.)
68	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Varka noted the location of the fork. If you go north from the fork, you'll get to the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east, you'll find the Imperial Tomb. Enter the Four Sepulchers in the Imperial Tomb or go to the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and attack his minions. Here you can meet the Archon of Halisha.  Monsters to be hunted -   Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, and the Archon of Halisha. Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha.)
68	16	The Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the Fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
68	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
68	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You have defeated Zakorel and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now try a final communication.)
68	19	The Journey's End (Your long journey has ended. Report your progress to Hierarch Kekropus on the Isle of Souls.)
68	20	The Journey's End (Complete additional training before returning to Hierarch Kekropus on the Isle of Souls. (Only characters level 76 or higher may change their class to Soul Hound. Don't abandon the quest until the class transfer is complete!))
68	-1	[completed]
69	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (The Resonance Amulet needed to communicate with the first Tablet of Vision is rumored to be in the possession of Magister Justin in the Town of Goddard. Why does he have it? Visit him immediately to learn more.)
69	2	Ingredients for Life Force Research (Justin is a scholar who has found out about the Kamaels' strength and their origin while researching into the life force. While continuously researching the pertinent matter, he has obtained the Resonance Amulet.  Let's bring the cell tissues that will help Justin's research for life force more than the Resonance Amulet and get the Resonance Amulet.   As Justin says, let's ask about the cell tissues to Warehouse Keeper Stefano.)
69	3	Cooling Preservative (Warehouse Keeper Stefano has arranged the cell tissues for the life energy research by Justin's request, but is reluctant to deliver since they are very fragile and highly perishable.  According to Stefano, cells are available to be delivered using pasteurization when the ice crystals are obtained. One can produce ice crystals when granting a request of Chef Jeremy in the nearby hot springs.)
69	4	Return to Justin (Warehouse Keeper Stefano pasteurized the cell tissues using ice crystals. Now bring the cell tissues to Justin.)
69	5	The First Communion (You have traded the Cellular Tissues to Magister Justin for the Resonance Amulet. The Tablet of Vision that corresponds to this amulet is located south of the Tower of Insolence. Hurry there!)
69	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (According to the vision you received from first Tablet of Vision, a hostile creature near the next tablet has the second Resonance Amulet. Eliminate the creature and obtain the amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
69	7	The Second Communion (You have obtained the second Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the second Tablet of Vision.)
69	8	Pilgrims of Evil (Beleth also seems to be interested in the Tablet of Vision and is collecting Resonance Amulets through his minion, The Crimson Duchess. According to the vision you received from the second Tablet, The Crimson Duchess has the third Resonance Amulet in her possession. Find her southeast of the Tablet near the Ketra Orc Outpost and retrieve the amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Crimson Duchess)
69	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated the Crimson Duchess, a minion of Beleth, and obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Did the Crimson Duchess try to communicate with the Tablet through the Resonance Amulet? Communicate with the third Tablet of Vision.)
69	10	Comrades (According to the Tablet, the female Kamael Master, Medea, has the next Resonance Amulet. You will find her in Goddard.)
69	11	Defend Ketra Orcs! (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
69	12	Guard Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
69	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
69	14	Magister Alminas (Magister Alminas in Goddard Castle Town has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Meet him and ask him about the Resonance Amulet.)
69	15	Halisha's Minions (The fifth Resonance Amulet is in the possession of the Archon of Halisha. Fight his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty to bring him out to face you, or enter  the Imperial Tomb and eliminate the Archon of Halisha directly.  Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
69	16	The Fifth Communion (You have obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fifth Tablet of Vision, which is on the northwest edge of the Wall of Argos.)
69	17	White Threat (The vision you received was of a battle between a white-winged messenger of the gods and a creature who looked like a female Kamael Warrior. You sense that she has the next Resonance Amulet. Go to the southeast Tablet of Vision in the Hunters Village and the help her.)
69	18	The Sixth Communion (Rodenpicula, one of three Kamael heroes who defeated Darkpower Othiel, has given you her Resonance Amulet; she has left in pursuit of Othiel. Hurry and use the amulet to communicate with the Sixth Tablet.)
69	19	Truth of the Kamael (Before she departed, Rodenpicula told you a shocking story; she says that the Kamael were originally created by the Giants as a weapon against the gods. Return to Hierarch Kekropus and report your findings.)
69	20	Requirements for Cleass Transfer (Your ability to learn the necessary knowledge from the Tablet of Vision seems to be insufficient. Keep acquiring experience; when you reach level 76, visit Hierarch Kekropus to complete the class trasnfer.)
69	-1	[completed]
70	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (Those who face the knight's dilemma are known to walk the path of pilgrimage. Speak with Master Felix in the Town of Goddard. He gave up his knighthood to follow the path.)
70	2	Find the Legendary Dish (To save Master Felix's daughter, you need a dish called ice cold flower. Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area of Goddard knows how to prepare it. Ask him to make it for you.)
70	3	Searching for Ingredients (Master Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals and a fat, white fish. You can get some Ice Crystals if you do what Chef Jeremy asks and get the fat, white fish from a fisherman with a skill level of 23 - 25.)
70	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath used the materials and cooked the ice cold flower for you, adding that it cures a fever if you put it next to your head. Hurry up and deliver it to Master Felix in Goddard Castle.)
70	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
70	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
70	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
70	8	The Meaning of Knighthood (After communing with the second tablet, you feel Fallen Knight Adil waiting for you at the third tablet. Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. He awaits you near the third tablet. Monster to Hunt -  Fallen Knight Adil)
70	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated Fallen Knight Adil and taken the Resonance Amulet. His obsession with winning was his downfall... Commune with the third tablet.)
70	10	A Time to Choose (Grand Master Sedrick of the Town of Aden has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Find him and get the fourth Resonance Amulet.)
70	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
70	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
70	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
70	14	Meet Felix (Master Felix of the Town of Goddard, whom you helped once, has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
70	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty, or attack him directly inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
70	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
70	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you see a devil waiting beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Shadow of Beleth)
70	18	The Sixth Communion (After killing the shadow of Beleth, Eric disappeared, leaving behind the Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
70	19	Path to the Knight (Keep the things you've learned on your pilgrimage close to your heart. Meet Grand Master Sedrick in the Town of Aden and tell him what you've gained and lost.)
70	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Don't return to Grand Master Sedrick until you reach level 76.)
70	-1	[completed]
71	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (Master Sinden thinks that Elves may one day need to leave their beloved Mother Tree behind. He tells you to meditate upon the position of Elves throughout your pilgrimage. First, you should visit Master Bronwyn.)
71	2	Find the Legendary Dish (You must have a stone of blessing before you can embark upon a pilgrimage. You must have the pure ice to get it. Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area of Goddard may know how to make it.)
71	3	Searching for Ingredients (Master Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals and a fat, white fish. You can get some Ice Crystals if you do what Chef Jeremy asks and get the fat, white fish from a fisherman with a skill level of 23 - 25.)
71	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath used the materials to make you the Pure Ice. He says that Master Bronwyn taught him the recipe long ago. Take this ice to Master Bronwyn.)
71	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
71	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
71	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
71	8	The Meaning of Knighthood (After communing with the second tablet, you feel the presence of an Elven Warrior, a former guardian of Mother Tree who betrayed his own people, waiting for you at the third tablet. Read all you can about him and prepare for a vicious fight. Monsters to be hunted - Elf Panacea)
71	9	The Third Communion (You killed Panacea and got his Resonance Amulet. How could he have gone so wrong? Commune with the third tablet.)
71	10	A Time to Choose (Master Sinden of the Town of Aden has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get it.)
71	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
71	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
71	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
71	14	Meet Cerenas (Through the communion with the tablet, you've discovered an Elven Priest in the Town of Goddard. Go meet Priest Cerenas.)
71	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
71	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
71	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you saw the devil born out of obsession which is the curse of Elves. It was waiting at the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Cursed Kesadein)
71	18	The Sixth Communion (After killing Kesadein, Kastien disappeared, leaving behind a Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
71	19	Proud Knight (You've learned much about the limits and weaknesses of your own tribe. Return to Master Sinden and talk about what Elves must do in the future.)
71	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Master Sinden.)
71	-1	[completed]
72	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (The goddess Eva only teaches the power of song to Elves. A tablet exists somewhere with Eva's first lesson, but the one who knows where it is probably won't tell you...)
72	2	Find the Legendary Dish (Blacksmith Feynn asks you to bring him some bitter cold beer. The only person who can make it is Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area of Goddard. Visit him.)
72	3	Searching for Ingredients (Master Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals and a fat, white fish. You can get some Ice Crystals if you do what Chef Jeremy asks and get the fat, white fish from a fisherman with a skill level of 23 - 25.)
72	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath made you the bitter cold beer. Return to Blacksmith Feynn in the Town of Goddard.)
72	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
72	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge)
72	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
72	8	Meaning of the Song (After communing with the second tablet, you sense an old Elven singer blocking the third tablet. Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. Monster to Hunt - Sword Player Biel)
72	9	The Third Communion (You defeated Biel and took the Resonance Amulet. Her love of acclaim was her downfall... She lost touch with the true beauty of music! Commune with the third tablet now.)
72	10	A Time to Choose (Beast Herder Tunatun has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him in the pastureland of Rune Territory and get it.)
72	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
72	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
72	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
72	14	Meet Cerenas (Through the communion with the tablet, you've discovered an Elven Priest in the Town of Goddard. Go meet Priest Cerenas.)
72	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
72	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
72	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you see a devil waiting beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Fallen Angel Narcissus)
72	18	The Sixth Communion (After defeating Fallen Angel Narcissus, Irene disappeared, leaving behind a Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
72	19	Reverberating Song (A song is like a conversation with the world. The goddess teaches us how to communicate through song. Meet Master Raien of the Town of Aden and talk about what you gained and lost during this pilgrimage.)
72	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Master Raien.)
72	-1	[completed]
73	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (Only the most powerful Gladiators may become Duelists. Speak with the Arena Director of Aden Coliseum.)
73	2	Find the Legendary Dish (The Arena Director says he'll tell you anything if you bring him the last dinner, the luxurious meal that the Duelists once ate before battle. To make it, you must meet Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area of Goddard.)
73	3	Searching for Ingredients (Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals and top-grade meat in order to make the dish he wishes to prepare. You can find the Ice Crystals by following Chef Jeremy's instructions. After that, you'll need to steal some meat in the Beast Farm.)
73	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath uses the ingredients to make you a beautiful meal. Return to the Arena Director at the Coliseum.)
73	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
73	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
73	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
73	8	Meaning of Victory (After communing with the second tablet, you sense a fallen Sword Master named Iron. His incredible power proved to be his downfall, and now he's nothing more than an impediment.  Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. He awaits you near the third tablet. Monster to Hunt -  Ancient Sword Master Iron)
73	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated Ancient Sword Master Iron and taken the Resonance Amulet. His obsession with victory led him to betray his title of Sword Master. Commune with the third tablet.)
73	10	A Time to Choose (Grand Magister Valdis in the Rune Township library has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get it.)
73	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
73	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
73	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
73	14	Meet Felix (Master Felix of the Town of Goddard has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
73	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
73	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
73	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you saw the devil who caused Iron's downfall and gave him eternal life. It was waiting beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Fallen Angel Metellus)
73	18	The Sixth Communion (After killing Fallen Angel Metellus, Kain Van Halter disappeared, leaving behind a Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
73	19	Medals and Scars (The life of a Gladiator is always full of risks. Duelists always know what is worth risking. Meet Grand Master Sedrick in the Town of Aden and talk about what you've gained and lost during the pilgrimage.)
73	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Don't return to Grand Master Sedrick until you reach level 76.)
73	-1	[completed]
74	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (One of the best Warlords alive, the Bride of Fire Dragon Leona Blackbird was spotted near the Town of Goddard. Visit Guard Ulrich of the Town of Goddard and ask him about her.)
74	2	Find the Legendary Dish (Guard Ulrich asks you to do him a favor before he tells you about her and asks you to bring him some fish soup of spirit. Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area of Goddard knows how to make it. Visit him and ask him to cook for you.)
74	3	Searching for Ingredients (Master Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals and a nimble white fish. You can get some Ice Crystals if you do what Chef Jeremy asks and get the nimble white fish from a fisherman with a skill level of 23 - 25.)
74	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath makes you the soup of spirit, along with an explanation of how it promotes long life. Hurry up and take this dish to Guard Ulrich in the Town of Goddard.)
74	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
74	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge)
74	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
74	8	Meaning of Strength (After communing with the second tablet, you feel a Guardian waiting for you at the third tablet. A divine roadblock to keep you from the ways of the dragon. Read all you can about Leona and get ready for a vicious fight. He awaits you near the third tablet. Monster to Hunt - White Wing Commander)
74	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated the White Wing Commander and taken the Resonance Amulet. All-powerful dragon of the martial arts! What could have frightened the gods so? Commune with the third tablet.)
74	10	A Time to Choose (Master Bernhardt of the Town of Goddard has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get it.)
74	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
74	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
74	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
74	14	Mysterious Wizard (A Mysterious Wizard in the Forest of the Dead has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Speak with him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
74	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
74	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
74	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you see a messenger from the gods. He waits beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Angel Virtues Odiel)
74	18	The Sixth Communion (After defeating Angel Virtues Odiel, Leona disappeared, leaving behind a Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
74	19	Power of Dragon (Occasionally, Warlords must use the power of the dragon for peaceful purposes. Speak with Master Aiken in the Town of Aden and talk about what you've gained and lost during this pilgrimage.)
74	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Master Aiken.)
74	-1	[completed]
75	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (In ancient times, Orcs were strong enough to defeat the giants! What happened? Where did their power go? Speak with Prefect Lakan in the Town of Goddard.)
75	2	Find the Legendary Dish (Prefect Lakan doesn't want to remember his embarrassing moments, but may tell you if you bring him some Bitter Cold Vodka, the nectar of the Orcs! Master Chef Donath in Goddard can make it for you.)
75	3	Searching for Ingredients (Chef Donath needs an Ice Crystal to make Bitter Cold Vodka. You can get an Iice Crystal if you do what Chef Jeremy asks.)
75	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath makes you the Bitter Cold Vodka. He said it is of slightly lower quality than the real stuff, but should be good enough. Take it to Prefect Lakan in the Town of Goddard.)
75	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
75	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
75	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
75	8	Meaning of Power (After communing with the second tablet, you feel Fallen Noble Orc Muhark, Lakan's disciple waiting for you at the third tablet. Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. Monster to Hunt - Fallen Noble Orc Muhark)
75	9	The Third Communion (You defeated Muhark and took his Resonance Amulet. His obsession with power was his downfall. He became a mere servant of giants and machines. What does ultimate power really mean? Commune with the third tablet.)
75	10	A Time to Choose (Seer Skahi of the Town of Goddard has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get it.)
75	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
75	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
75	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
75	14	Meet Skahi (The fifth Resonance Amulet was in the hands of Seer Skahi as he predicted. Meet him and ask him about the fifth Resonance Amulet.)
75	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
75	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
75	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you saw the relic of the enormous giants that made Muhark fall, the machine that carries out a forgotten command, Grandpapa Askalius. It was waiting beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Grandpapa Askalius)
75	18	The Sixth Communion (After defeating Grandpapa Askalius, Sake Dun gave you the Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
75	19	Flames of Pa'agrio (Orcs are a tribe of flames. Their power is infinite! Return to Prefect Tazki and discuss the power to fight against giants.)
75	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do what you've learned during your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Prefect Tazki.)
75	-1	[completed]
76	1	Death of Hubai (Tyrants are always doomed to fall. The Duda-Mara totem spirit knows where Khavatari Kashu and Khavatari Uruz are. Go to the Town of Goddard and meet the Duda-Mara Totem Spirit!)
76	2	Find the Legendary Dish (Duda-Mara Totem Spirit says you lack manners for spirits and orders you to get Bitter Cold Vodka, the nectar of the Orcs! Master Chef Donath in Goddard knows how to make it. Visit him and ask him to make it for you.)
76	3	Searching for Ingredients (Chef Donath needs an Ice Crystal to make Bitter Cold Vodka. You can get an Iice Crystal if you do what Chef Jeremy asks.)
76	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath makes you the Bitter Cold Vodka. He said it is of slightly lower quality than the real stuff, but should be good enough. Take it to Duda-Mara Totem Spirit in the Town of Goddard.)
76	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
76	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge)
76	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
76	8	What the Fist Holds (After communing with the second tablet, you sense Hubai's disciple waiting for you at the third tablet. Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. Monster to Hunt - Khavatari Uruz)
76	9	The Third Communion (You've won the fight against Khavatari Uruz and taken the Resonance Amulet. Being jealous of his brother, he violated the taboo to search for quick growth, but ultimately lost to the techniques of the mainstream Khavatari. Now, commune with the third tablet.)
76	10	A Time to Choose (Seer Skahi in the Town of Goddard has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the fourth Resonance Amulet.)
76	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
76	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
76	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
76	14	Meet Skahi (The fifth Resonance Amulet was in the hands of Seer Skahi as he predicted. Meet him and ask him about the fifth Resonance Amulet.)
76	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
76	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
76	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you saw Azira emerge from Khavatari Uruz! A feat worthy of Pa'agrio! It was waiting beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Flame Evil Spirit Azira)
76	18	The Sixth Communion (You've succeeded in killing Azira with help of Khavatari Kashu. Kashu left the Resonance Amulet behind. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
76	19	Ruler of Flow (Khavatari is a martial art that follows the flow. It's based on flame operation rules, the martial arts of the gods. Return to Amulet Seller Hakran and tell him about your experience.)
76	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do what you've learned on your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Amulet Seller Hakran.)
76	-1	[completed]
77	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (King's successors have disappeared! One of them, Wahkan, has been discovered in the Ketra Orc Outpost. Why did he meet the messenger of the betrayer Orcs? Meet Wahkan and find out what happened.)
77	2	Find the Legendary Dish (Wahkan will tell you where Akkan is if you bring him some Bitter Cold Vodka, the nectar of the Orcs! Chef Donath knows how to make it. Visit him and ask him to make it for you.)
77	3	Searching for Ingredients (Chef Donath needs an Ice Crystal to make Bitter Cold Vodka. You can get an Iice Crystal if you do what Chef Jeremy asks.)
77	4	Completed Dish (Chef Donath makes you the Bitter Cold Vodka. He said it is of slightly lower quality than the real stuff, but should be good enough. Take it to Ketra's Messenger Wahkan.)
77	5	The First Communion (Akkan is on the pilgrimage of the king. You've got the Resonance Amulet to track him down. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
77	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge)
77	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
77	8	Meaning of King (After communing with the second tablet, you feel Overlord Atrus of the Gandi Tribe is waiting for you at the third tablet. But, he is no longer an Overlord. Read all you can about him and get ready for a vicious battle. Monster to Hunt - Overlord Atrus)
77	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated Overlord Atrus and taken the Resonance Amulet. His obsession with control caused him to accept the blood of a ruler. He was no king, but a mere usurper. Commune with the third tablet.)
77	10	A Time to Choose (Seer Skahi in the Town of Goddard has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the fourth Resonance Amulet.)
77	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
77	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
77	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
77	14	Meet Skahi (The fifth Resonance Amulet was in the hands of Seer Skahi as he predicted. Meet him and ask him about the fifth Resonance Amulet.)
77	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
77	16	The Fifth Communion (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Now head to the fifth tablet in the northwestern corner of the Wall of Argos.)
77	17	The Devil's Hand (During the fifth communion, you see an image of an old ruler. He ruled his people with an iron fist and never showed them the slightest compassion. He was a tyrant, not a king. He was no better than a drunken prince. He awaits beside the sixth Tablet of Vision. Can you really fight against his power? Monster to Hunt -  Death Lord Hallate)
77	18	The Sixth Communion (Successor of Flame Akkan said he didn't want to be that kind of king and handed over the Resonance Amulet. Use it to perform the sixth communion.)
77	19	Position of King (A King must straddle the border between responsibility and power. If the line is crossed, the nation will be shaken. Firmly keeping his position is the role of King. Return to Grand Seer Rahorakti and talk about what you've learned from this trip.)
77	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You aren't skilled enough to actually do the things you've learned on your pilgrimage. Train until you reach level 76 and then return to Grand Seer Rahorakti.)
77	-1	[completed]
78	1	The Pilgrimage Begins (Seer Tarkai Zu Duda-Mara left to prepare for the eternal winter. He left a message for his successor to go to the Duda-Mara Totem Spirit. Go there.)
78	2	Find the Legendary Dish (The Duda-Mara Totem Spirit orders you to give him some Bitter Cold Vodka if you want real power. Master Chef Donath in Goddard can make it.)
78	3	Searching for Ingredients (Chef Donath needs an Ice Crystal to make Bitter Cold Vodka. You can get an Iice Crystal if you do what Chef Jeremy asks.)
78	4	Completed Dish (Master Chef Donath makes you the Bitter Cold Vodka. He said it is of slightly lower quality than the real stuff, but should be good enough. Take it to Duda-Mara Totem Spirit of the Town of Goddard.)
78	5	The First Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet. Commune with the Tablet of Vision that is just south of the Tower of Insolence.)
78	6	Guardians of the Resonance Amulet (The Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the Tablet of Vision have the second Resonance Amulet. Destroy them and take their Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge)
78	7	The Second Communion (You've got the Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge. Commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
78	8	The Meaning of Knighthood (After communing with the second tablet, you sense Sharuhi Mouth Mudaha waiting for you at the third tablet. Read articles about possession and get ready for a vicious battle. Monsters to be hunted - Sharuhi Mouth Mudaha)
78	9	The Third Communion (You've defeated Sharuhi Mouth Mudaha and taken the Resonance Amulet. His obsession with power was his downfall. Instead of seeking help from the spirits of the ancestors, he tried to control and rule over them and use their power at his whim.  Commune with the third Tablet of Vision while meditating on the meaning of control and power.)
78	10	A Time to Choose (Seer Skahi in the Town of Goddard has the fourth Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the fourth Resonance Amulet.)
78	11	Joining the Ketras (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you must gain the trust of the Ketra Orcs. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
78	12	Joining the Varka Silenos (To get the Holy Stone of Wisdom, you decided to help the Varka Silenos. Prove yourself to their messenger, Ashanuk, and gain the trust of the Varka Silenos.)
78	13	The Fourth Communion (You have obtained the fourth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fourth Tablet of Vision.)
78	14	Meeting Skahi Again (The fifth Resonance Amulet was in the hands of Seer Skahi as he predicted. Meet him and ask him about the fifth Resonance Amulet.)
78	15	Halisha's Minions (The Archon of Halisha has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Lure the archon out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty or attack him inside the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarab, Scavenger Scarab, Grave Ant, Scavenger Ant, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
78	16	The Fifth Communion (You have obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet. Use it to communicate with the fifth Tablet of Vision, which is on the northwest edge of the Wall of Argos.)
78	17	The Devil's Hand (You see Sharuhi, escaped from Mudaha, thrashing about, as if refusing to become a spirit again. To prepare for the eternal winter, you must get as many spirits as possible! Listen to Tarkai and speak with it! Monster to Hunt -  Lizard's Totem Sharuhi)
78	18	The Sixth Communion (After vanquishing Sharuhi, Tarkai commends you, gives you the Resonance Amulet and leaves. Perform the sixth communion with the stone.)
78	19	Great Flame (Handling ancestors, souls and spirits is the job of a Warcryer. It's more important to understand a mind than to memorize a spell and learn techniques. Their power is needed for us to survive the eternal winter. Return to Grand Seer Rahorakti with Tarkai's message.)
78	20	Preparation for Class Transfer (You don't have the skill to apply what you have learned. See Grand Seer Rahorakti after you reach level 76.)
78	-1	[completed]
79	1	Forbidden Power (Black Cat, a venerable member of the guild, says that you must obtain the power forbidden by the gods and to meet Klaus in the Town of Goddard for more information.)
79	2	Valentine the Brewer (Klaus can't remember such old memories sober and asks you to bring him some ice liquor. He tells you that Brewer Valentine in the Town of Goddard can make the stuff.)
79	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Valentine needs Ice Crystals to make ice liquor and says that you can get them from Master Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
79	4	Deliver the Ice Liquor (Brewer Valentine has finished making the ice liquor and asks you to take it to Klaus.)
79	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Klaus says you must obtain the forbidden power sealed within the Tablet of Vision and tells you where the first tablet and Resonance Amulet are.)
79	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (Near the end of communion, the tablet shows the location of the next stone. Get the next Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge.)
79	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from a Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Begin communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
79	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The second Tablet of Vision shows you the way to the third tablet.)
79	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
79	10	A Mysterious Hermit - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows a Human form. He appears to be somewhere between the Town of Goddard and the Ketra Orc Outpost. Find him!)
79	11	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says you must prove yourself before he'll give you the Resonance Amulet, and orders you to get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs. You must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
79	12	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says you must prove yourself before he'll give you the Resonance Amulet, and orders you to get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos. You must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Naran Ashanuk, their messenger.)
79	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The hermit gives you the Resonance Amulet and orders you to find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it.)
79	14	A Mysterious Hermit - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human form and tells you to follow the road to the Wall of Argos from the Town of Goddard.)
79	15	Archon of Halisha (The hermit requires something more before he'll tell you where the next Tablet of Vision is. He orders you to draw out the Archon of Halisha by attacking his minions in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos - or attack him directly in the Imperial Tomb. Kill him and take the Tablet of Vision from his dead fingers. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
79	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet by killing the Archon of Halisha. Use it to commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision.)
79	17	Hero vs. Archangel (When the communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision was nearly complete, it directed you to the sixth Tablet of Vision. Go there!)
79	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Erica Ken Weber gave you the Resonance Amulet when Monument Guardian Azrael ran away. Now, commune with the last tablet.)
79	19	An Adventurer? (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to the Black Cat and tell her of your accomplishments.)
79	20	Towards the Adventurer (Black Cat tells you to train more to prepare yourself to use the power you've gained properly. Get some training and return to Black Cat.)
79	-1	[completed]
80	1	Forbidden Power (Black Cat, a venerable member of the guild, says that you must find the forbidden power and to meet Elena who sells Spellbooks in the Town of Goddard for more information.)
80	2	Master Chef Donath (Spellbook Seller Elena wants some of Donath's food and asks you to get it for her before she'll give you the information. She tells you that Master Chef Donath is in the Hot Springs area.)
80	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Master Chef Donath needs Ice Crystals to keep the food fresh and says that you must get some from Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
80	4	Food Delivery (Chef Donath says he's made his famous dish and asks you to deliver it to Spellbook Seller Elena.)
80	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Elena says that you must obtain the forbidden power sealed within the Tablets of Vision and gives you the Resonance Amulet that will show you the way to the first Tablet of Vision.)
80	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (Near the end of communion, the tablet shows the location of the next stone. Get the next Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge.)
80	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from a Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Start communing with the second tablet.)
80	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The second Tablet of Vision shows you the way to the third tablet.)
80	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
80	10	A Mysterious Hermit - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows a Human form. He appears to be somewhere between the Town of Goddard and the Ketra Orc Outpost. Find him!)
80	11	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says you must prove yourself before he'll give you the Resonance Amulet, and orders you to obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs. You must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Meet their messenger Wahkan.)
80	12	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says that you must prove yourself before he'll give you the Resonance Amulet, and orders you to get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos. You must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Meet their messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
80	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The hermit gives you the Resonance Amulet and orders you to find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it.)
80	14	A Mysterious Hermit - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human form and tells you to follow the road to the Wall of Argos from the Town of Goddard.)
80	15	Archon of Halisha (The hermit gives you another test to learn the location of the Tablet of Vision. He says that you must draw the Archon of Halisha out by attacking his minions northeast of the Wall of Argos, or confront him directly in the Imperial Tomb, kill him and take his Resonance Amulet.  Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
80	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet by killing the Archon of Halisha. Use it to commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision.)
80	17	Hero vs. Archangel (When the communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision was nearly complete, it directed you to the sixth Tablet of Vision. Go there!)
80	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Eternity Wanderer Staris gave you the Resonance Amulet when Azrael ran away. Now commune with the last tablet.)
80	19	Wind Rider (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to the Black Cat and tell her what you've learned.)
80	20	Towards Wind Rider (Black Cat tells you to train more to prepare yourself to use the power you've gained properly. Get some training and return to Black Cat.)
80	-1	[completed]
81	1	Forbidden Power (Black Cat, a venerable member of the guild, says that you must obtain the power that was forbidden by the gods. Meet Drunkard Master Drakon in the Town of Goddard to find out more.)
81	2	Master Chef Donath (Master Drakon wants Donath's secret recipe book. Visit Master Chef Donath in the Hot Springs area.)
81	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Master Chef Donath asks you to find him some Ice Crystals that he will trade you for his cookbook. He suggests you talk to Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
81	4	Delivering the Cookbook (Chef Donath gives you his cookbook in exchange for the Ice Crystals. Take it to Master Drakon.)
81	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Master Drakon says that you must obtain the forbidden power that is contained within the Tablets of Vision and tells you where to find the first Resonance Amulet and Tablet of Vision.)
81	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (Near the end of communion, the tablet shows the location of the next stone. Get the next Resonance Amulet from the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge.)
81	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from the Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Start communing with the second tablet.)
81	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The second Tablet of Vision shows you the way to the third tablet.)
81	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
81	10	A Mysterious Hermit - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows a Human form. He appears to be somewhere between the Town of Goddard and the Ketra Orc Outpost. Find him!)
81	11	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says that you must prove yourself before getting the Resonance Amulet, and orders you to get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Meet Ketra's Messenger Wahkan.)
81	12	The Hermit's Test (The hermit says that you must prove yourself before getting the Resonance Amulet and tells you to get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Naran Ashanuk, their messenger.)
81	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The hermit gives you the Resonance Amulet and orders you to find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it.)
81	14	A Mysterious Hermit - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human form and tells you to follow the road to the Wall of Argos from the Town of Goddard.)
81	15	Archon of Halisha (The hermit gives you another test to learn the location of the Tablet of Vision. He says that you must draw the Archon of Halisha out by attacking his minions northeast of the Wall of Argos, or confront him directly in the Imperial Tomb, kill him and take his Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
81	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet by killing the Archon of Halisha. Use it to commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision.)
81	17	Hero vs. Archangel (When the communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision was nearly complete, it directed you to the sixth Tablet of Vision. Go there!)
81	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Aria Firstmatter gave you the Resonance Amulet when Monument Guardian Azrael ran away. Now commune with the last tablet.)
81	19	Ghost Hunter (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to the Black Cat and tell her what you've learned.)
81	20	Towards Ghost Hunter (Black Cat tells you to train more to prepare yourself to use the power you've gained properly. Get some training and return to Black Cat.)
81	-1	[completed]
82	1	Information Broker Grimst (Bernard, the president and senior member of the guild, orders you to recover the Bow of Sagittarius, the stolen symbol of the guild. He suggests that you speak with Grimst in Hunters Village to find out more about the thief.)
82	2	Information Broker Mist (Grimst wants something to please Mist's granddaughter, Lily, in exchange for information about the thief. He says Mist and Lily are in the Hot Springs area on vacation.)
82	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Mist says that Lily loves Shaved Ice, but he can't find any Ice Crystals to make it with. He suggests that you try to get some from Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
82	4	Delivering Ice Crystals (Mist made more than enough Shaved Ice and gives you some to take to Grimst.)
82	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Information Broker Grimst says that the thief who stole the Bow of Sagittarius came to him and said that he was headed to the Tablet of Vision south of the Tower of Insolence.)
82	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (The tablet actually tells you where the thief went! He murdered the guards and approached the tablet with the Resonance Amulet.)
82	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from a Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Start communing with the second tablet.)
82	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The tablet once again shows where the thief is headed. Follow the thief to the next tablet.)
82	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
82	10	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows the thief talking with a Human. It appears that they were on the road from Goddard to the Wall of Argos. Go there at once!)
82	11	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
82	12	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Naran Ashanuk, their messenger.)
82	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The Pilgrim of Darkness gives you the Resonance Amulet and says that you must find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it to know where the thief went.)
82	14	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human similar to the previous Pilgrim of Darkness talking to the thief and shows you a place on the road from the Town of Goddard to the Ketra Orc Outpost.)
82	15	Archon of Halisha (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision to know where the thief went. He insists that you must first get the fifth Resonance Amulet. He suggests that you draw the Archon of Halisha out by attacking his minions north of the Wall of Argos, or confront him directly in the Imperial Tomb. Kill him and take his Resonance Amulet.)
82	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've killed the Archon of Halisha and obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to access the fifth Tablet of Vision. Get to it!)
82	17	Hero vs. Archangel (During your communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision, it showed the thief standing next to the sixth Tablet of Vision, holding something. Go there!)
82	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Kadyth gave you the Resonance Amulet when Azrael ran away. Now commune with the last tablet.)
82	19	Sagittarius (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Hunter's Guild President Bernard and tell him what you've learned.)
82	20	Towards Sagittarius (Hunter's Guild President Bernard says that you need more training in order to properly use the forbidden power you've earned. Get some training and return to Bernard.)
82	-1	[completed]
83	1	Information Broker (Bernard, the president and senior member of the guild, orders you to recover the Bow of Sagittarius, the stolen symbol of the guild. He suggests that you speak with Grimst in Hunters Village to find out more about the thief.)
83	2	Information Broker Mist (Grimst wants something to please Mist's granddaughter, Lily, in exchange for information about the thief. He says Mist and Lily are in the Hot Springs area on vacation.)
83	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Mist says his granddaughter Lily loves ice cream, but he needs some rare Ice Crystals to make it with. He suggests that you ask Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
83	4	Delivery of Ice Cream (Information Broker Mist says he's made enough ice cream and gives you some. Take this ice cream to Information Broker Grimst.)
83	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Information Broker Grimst says that the thief who stole the Bow of Sagittarius came to him and said that he was headed to the Tablet of Vision south of the Tower of Insolence.)
83	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (The tablet actually tells you where the thief went! He murdered the guards and approached the tablet with the Resonance Amulet.)
83	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from a Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Start communing with the second tablet.)
83	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The tablet once again shows where the thief is headed. Follow the thief to the next tablet.)
83	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
83	10	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows the thief talking with a Human. It appears that they were on the road from Goddard to the Wall of Argos. Go there at once!)
83	11	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
83	12	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness - Holy Stone of Wisdom (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Naran Ashanuk, their messenger.)
83	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The Pilgrim of Darkness gives you the Resonance Amulet and says that you must find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it to know where the thief went.)
83	14	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human similar to the previous Pilgrim of Darkness talking to the thief and shows you a place on the road from the Town of Goddard to the Ketra Orc Outpost.)
83	15	Archon of Halisha (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision to know where the thief went. He insists that you must first get the fifth Resonance Amulet. He suggests that you draw the Archon of Halisha out by attacking his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty, north of the Wall of Argos, or confront him directly in the Imperial Tomb, kill him and take his Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
83	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've killed the Archon of Halisha and obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to access the fifth Tablet of Vision. Get to it!)
83	17	Hero vs. Archangel (During your communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision, it showed the thief standing next to the sixth Tablet of Vision, holding something. Go there!)
83	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Kadyth gave you the Resonance Amulet when Azrael ran away. Now, commune with the last tablet.)
83	19	Moonlight Sentinel (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Hunter's Guild President Bernard and tell him what you've learned.)
83	20	Towards Moonlight Sentinel (Hunter's Guild President Bernard says that you need more training in order to properly use the forbidden power you've earned. Get some training and return to Bernard.)
83	-1	[completed]
84	1	Information Broker (Bernard, the president and senior member of the guild, orders you to recover the Bow of Sagittarius, the stolen symbol of the guild. He suggests that you first speak with Grimst in Hunters Village. He can tell you more about the thief.)
84	2	Gemcutter Gedrik (Information Broker Grimst says that you must get some Ice Crystals as a bribe for his promotion before he'll tell you about the thief. Speak with Gemcutter Gedrik in the Town of Goddard.)
84	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Gemcutter Gedrik needs Ice Crystals to make Ice Crystal. He asks you to speak with Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
84	4	Delivering Ice Crystals (Gemcutter Gedrik has made the Ice Crystal and asks you to deliver it to Information Broker Grimst.)
84	5	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 1 (Information Broker Mist says that the thief who stole the Bow of Sagittarius came to him and said that he was headed to the Tablet of Vision south of the Tower of Insolence.)
84	6	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 2 (The tablet actually tells you where the thief went! He murdered the guards and approached the tablet with the Resonance Amulet.)
84	7	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 2 (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet from a Guardian of Forbidden Knowledge. Start communing with the second tablet.)
84	8	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 3 (The tablet once again shows where the thief is headed. Follow the thief to the next tablet.)
84	9	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 3 (Commune with the third tablet using the Resonance Amulet that you took from Ezekiel.)
84	10	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 1 (The third Tablet of Vision shows the thief talking with a Human. It appears that they were on the road from Goddard to the Wall of Argos. Go there at once!)
84	11	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Ketra Orcs to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Wahkan, their messenger.)
84	12	Test of Pilgrim of Darkness (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from the Varka Silenos to find out where the thief went. To do so, you must gain their trust and prove your wisdom. Speak with Naran Ashanuk, their messenger.)
84	13	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 4 (The Pilgrim of Darkness gives you the Resonance Amulet and says that you must find the fourth Tablet of Vision and commune with it to know where the thief went.)
84	14	Mysterious Pilgrim of Darkness - 2 (The Tablet of Vision shows a Human similar to the previous Pilgrim of Darkness talking to the thief and shows you a place on the road from the Town of Goddard to the Ketra Orc Outpost.)
84	15	Archon of Halisha (The Pilgrim of Darkness says that you must commune with the fifth Tablet of Vision to know where the thief went. He insists that you must first get the fifth Resonance Amulet. He suggests that you draw the Archon of Halisha out by attacking his minions north of the Wall of Argos, or confront him directly in the Imperial Tomb, kill him and take his Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
84	16	Seeking the Tablet of Vision - 5 (You've killed the Archon of Halisha and obtained the Resonance Amulet you need to access the fifth Tablet of Vision. Get to it!)
84	17	Hero vs. Archangel (During your communion with the fifth Tablet of Vision, it showed the thief standing next to the sixth Tablet of Vision, holding something. Go there!)
84	18	Commune with the Tablet of Vision - 6 (Kadyth gave you the Resonance Amulet when Azrael ran away. Now commune with the last tablet.)
84	19	Ghost Sentinel (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Hunter's Guild President Bernard and tell him what you've learned.)
84	20	Towards Ghost Sentinel (Hunter's Guild President Bernard says that you need more training in order to properly use the forbidden power you've earned. Get some training and return to Bernard.)
84	-1	[completed]
85	1	Meet the Saint of Light (Hollint says that the Saint of Light has appeared in the Town of Goddard and asks you to meet with her and verify that she's actually the legendary saint.)
85	2	Searching for Duncan (Agnes asks you to visit Chef Duncan in the Hot Springs area and bring her some food.)
85	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Chef Duncan needs Ice Crystals to keep the food fresh.)
85	4	Return to Agnes (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Chef Duncan hands you a well-packaged jar containing the food. Take it to Saint of Light Agnes.)
85	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Saint of Light Agnes gives you the Resonance Amulet and tells you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
85	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll meet someone who has the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
85	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
85	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
85	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
85	10	Meet Bastian (At the third tablet, you learned that Priest Bastian in the Town of Goddard has a Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
85	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
85	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
85	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
85	14	Meet Bastian (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not revealed, but Priest Bastian of the Town of Goddard is briefly seen motioning goodbye. He may know something. Speak with him again.)
85	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Priest Bastian tells you that if you go north from the fork in road, you'll get to the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards, Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: Archon of Halisha)
85	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
85	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
85	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated the Fallen Angel Tanakia and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
85	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
85	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Cardinal. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
85	-1	[completed]
86	1	Meet the Saint of Light (High Priest Hollint says the Saint of Light has appeared in the Town of Goddard and asks you to meet her and verify that she is actually the legendary saint.)
86	2	Searching for Duncan (Agnes asks you to visit Chef Duncan in the Hot Springs area and bring her some food.)
86	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Chef Duncan needs Ice Crystals to keep the food fresh.)
86	4	Return to Agnes (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Chef Duncan hands you a well-packaged jar containing the food. Take it to Saint of Light Agnes.)
86	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Saint of Light Agnes gives you the Resonance Amulet and tells you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
86	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll find the person with the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
86	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
86	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
86	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
86	10	Meet Bastian (At the third tablet, you learned that Priest Bastian in the Town of Goddard has a Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
86	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
86	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
86	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
86	14	Meet Bastian (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not revealed, but Priest Bastian of the Town of Goddard is briefly seen motioning goodbye. He may know something. Speak with him again.)
86	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Priest Bastian tells you that if you go north from the fork in road, you'll get to the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb.  Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
86	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
86	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
86	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated the Fallen Angel Tanakia and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
86	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
86	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Hierophant. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
86	-1	[completed]
87	1	Meet the Saint of Light (High Priest Hollint says the Saint of Light has appeared in the Town of Goddard and asks you to meet her and verify that she is actually the legendary saint.)
87	2	Searching for Duncan (Agnes asks you to visit Chef Duncan in the Hot Springs area and bring her some food.)
87	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Chef Duncan needs Ice Crystals to keep the food fresh.)
87	4	Return to Saint of Light (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Chef Duncan hands you a well-packaged jar containing the food. Take it to Saint of Light Agnes.)
87	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Saint of Light Agnes gives you the Resonance Amulet and tells you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
87	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll find the person with the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
87	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
87	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
87	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
87	10	Meet Bastian (At the third tablet, you learned that Priest Bastian in the Town of Goddard has a Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
87	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
87	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
87	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
87	14	Meet Bastian (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not revealed, but Priest Bastian of the Town of Goddard is briefly seen motioning goodbye. He may know something. Speak with him again.)
87	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Priest Bastian tells you that if you go north from the fork in road, you'll get to the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb.  Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
87	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
87	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
87	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated the Fallen Angel Tanakia and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
87	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
87	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Eva's Saint. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
87	-1	[completed]
88	1	Meet Magister Justin (A Sorcerer must obtain the power sealed in the Tablets of Vision to become an Archmage.)
88	2	Return With the Report (Magister Justin tells you to go to Information Broker Mist in the Hot Springs area and get the investigative report he asked for.)
88	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Mist says he has the report of the investigation, but won't give it away for free. He wants Ice Crystals from the Hot Springs area in return. Get the Ice Crystals and return to Mist.)
88	4	Return to Magister Justin (You've got the report of the investigation from Information Broker Mist. Return to Magister Justin.)
88	5	The First Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	6	Guardians of the Tablets of Vision (You feel that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. Kill the guardian and get the Resonance Amulet.)
88	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	8	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
88	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	10	Meet Magister Justin (You feel that Magister Justin of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Meet Magister Justin.)
88	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra village and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom, which is actually a fragment of the Resonance Amulet. They know it has power, but they don't know how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it away to the smartest person in their tribe! Prove your wisdom to their messenger, Wahkan and he'll give it to you.  Or, if you prefer, you can approach the Varka Silenos and earn the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk to get it.)
88	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos village and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom, which is actually a fragment of the Resonance Amulet. They know it has power, but they don't know how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it away to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk and prove yourself to him. He'll give you their Holy Stone of Wisdom. Or, if you prefer, you can approach the Ketra Orcs and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom from them.)
88	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	14	Meet Magister Justin (You feel that Magister Justin of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Meet Magister Justin.)
88	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (A monster known as the Archon of Halisha has the next Resonance Amulet. The archon awaits inside of the Four Sepulchers. You mustn't go there alone! If you intend to take on the archon alone, you should first attack his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty. He'll appear after you've collected 700 marks of Halisha. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
88	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	17	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
88	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
88	19	Return to the Ivory Tower (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Grand Magister Valleria in the Ivory Tower.)
88	20	More Training Needed (Get more training before you return to Grand Magister in the Ivory Tower. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Archmage. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
88	-1	[completed]
89	1	Go to Magister Alminas (To become a Mystic Muse, you must obtain the power sealed in the 6 Tablets of Vision scattered throughout the world. First, go visit Magister Alminas of the Town of Goddard. He'll tell you what to do next.)
89	2	Return With the Report (Magister Alminas tells you to go to Information Broker Mist in the Hot Springs area and get the report of the investigation she requested earlier. Go to the Hot Springs area and meet Information Broker Mist.)
89	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Mist says he has the report of the investigation, but won't give it away for free. He wants Ice Crystals from the Hot Springs area in return. Get the Ice Crystals and return to Mist.)
89	4	Return to Magister Alminas (You've got the report of the investigation from Information Broker Mist. Return to Magister Alminas.)
89	5	The First Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	6	Guardians of the Tablets of Vision (You feel that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. Kill the guardian and get the Resonance Amulet.)
89	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	8	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
89	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	10	Go to Magister Alminas (You feel that Magister Alminas of the Town of Goddard has the Resonance Amulet. Meet Magister Alminas.)
89	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra Orc Tribe and obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom, a fragment of the Resonance Amulet. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Wahkan and prove yourself to him. He'll give you their sacred stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Varka Silenos by gaining the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
89	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos village and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk and he'll give you their stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Ketra Orcs by earning the trust of their messenger, Wahkan.)
89	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	14	Go to Magister Alminas (You feel that Magister Alminas of the Town of Goddard has the Resonance Amulet. Meet Magister Alminas.)
89	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (A monster known as the Archon of Halisha has the next Resonance Amulet. The archon can be found inside the Four Sepulchers, but you mustn't enter there alone! If you prefer to confront the archon alone, attack his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty. The archon himself will appear after you've collected 700 marks of Halisha. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
89	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	17	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
89	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
89	19	Go to the Ivory Tower (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Grand Magister Arkenias in the Ivory Tower.)
89	20	More Training Needed (Get more training before you return to Grand Magister Arkenias in the Ivory Tower. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Mystic Muse. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
89	-1	[completed]
90	1	Go to Magister Kamilen (To become a Storm Screamer, you must obtain the power sealed in the 6 Tablets of Vision scattered throughout the world. First, speak with Magister Kamilen in the Town of Goddard.)
90	2	Return With the Report (Magister Kamilen asks you to go see Information Broker Mist in the Hot Springs area and get the report of the investigation she requested earlier.)
90	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Mist says he has the report of the investigation, but won't give it away for free. He wants an Ice Crystal from the Hot Springs area in return. Get an Ice Crystal and return to Mist.)
90	4	Return to Magister Kamilen (You've got the report of the investigation from Information Broker Mist. Return to Magister Kamilen.)
90	5	The First Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	6	Guardians of the Tablets of Vision (You feel that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. Kill the guardian and get the Resonance Amulet.)
90	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	8	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
90	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	10	Meet Magister Kamilen (You feel that Magister Kamilen of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Find her.)
90	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra Orcs and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Wahkan and prove yourself to him. He'll give you their sacred stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Varka Silenos by gaining the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
90	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos village and obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk and he'll give you their stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Ketra Orcs by earning the trust of their messenger, Wahkan.)
90	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	14	Meet Magister Kamilen (You feel that Magister Kamilen of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Find her.)
90	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (A monster known as the Archon of Halisha has the next Resonance Amulet. The archon can be found inside the Four Sepulchers, but you mustn't enter there alone! If you prefer to confront the archon alone, attack his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty. He'll appear after you've collected 700 marks of Halisha. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
90	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	17	A Suspicious Shadow (You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
90	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
90	19	Return to Grand Magister Fairen (You've finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Grand Magister Fairen in the Ivory Tower.)
90	20	More Training Needed (Get more training before you return to Grand Magister Fairen in the Ivory Tower. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Storm Screamer. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
90	-1	[completed]
91	1	Meet with the Servitor (Summoner Keats disappeared while trying to become an Arcana Lord. Sparky the Cat, Keats' servitor, is supposedly in the Town of Goddard. Meet him and ask him where Keats is.)
91	2	Meet with Keats (Summoner Keats was cursed and turned into a frog. Searching for a way to be released from the curse, he left for the Hot Springs area. Go there, meet him and help free him from the curse.)
91	3	Gathering Ice Crystals (In order to break the curse Keats is under, you must first find an Ice Crystal that is produced in the Hot Springs area. Chef Jeremy can tell you how to get one.)
91	4	Return to Sparky the Cat (You've failed to break the spell that was cast upon Keats. However, he still agrees to give you the results of his research so far. Take the letter he gives you to Sparky the Cat in the Town of Goddard.)
91	5	Find the Tablet of Vision (You've found the Tablet of Vision that will allow you to become an Arcana Lord. Take the Resonance Amulet you received from Sparky the Cat, go to that Tablet of Vision and commune with it.)
91	6	The Second Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the first Tablet of Vision and also found the second Resonance Amulet! Slay the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge and obtain the Resonance Amulet!)
91	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the second Resonance Amulet!  Now, try communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
91	8	The Third Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the second Tablet of Vision! The next Resonance Amulet seems very close to the third tablet. Go there and obtain the Resonance Amulet.)
91	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Now, try to commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
91	10	The Fourth Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the third Tablet of Vision! Now you must know where the fourth Resonance Amulet is located. Go there.)
91	11	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Ketra Orcs' Chief Shaman. First, meet with their messenger and form an alliance. Once you earn the trust of Ketra Orcs, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
91	12	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Varka Silenos' Chief Shaman. Once you earn the trust of the Varka Silenos, they'll give you their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
91	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the fourth Tablet of Vision and attempt to commune with it.)
91	14	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (It seems like Summoner Belinda has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go meet with her.)
91	15	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (The fifth Resonance Amulet is currently owned by the Archon of Halisha. In order to find that evil creature, you must either enter the Four Sepulchers in the deepest part of the Imperial Tomb or go to the Shrine of Loyalty in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and start killing his minions there. Either way, you must kill the Archon of Halisha and obtain the Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
91	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
91	17	The Sixth Resonance Amulet (The sixth Resonance Amulet seems to be near the last Tablet of Vision. However, someone seems to have already gotten to it. Hurry to the last Tablet of Vision!)
91	18	The Last Tablet of Vision (Finally, you've obtained the sixth Resonance Amulet! Now try communing with the last Tablet of Vision.)
91	19	Become an Arcana Lord (You've completed communing with the last Tablet of Vision. You've acquired all the sacred knowledge required to become an Arcana Lord. Return to High Summoner Kinsley in the Ivory Tower.)
91	20	Become an Arcana Lord (By communing with the last Tablet of Vision, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to become an Arcana Lord. However, since your level is less than 76, you can't transfer to that class yet. After you raise your level, meet with High Summoner Kinsley at the Ivory Tower.)
91	-1	[completed]
92	1	Visit Summoner Radyss (High Summoner Radyss is the only Elf who knows the way to become an Elemental Master Go to the Town of Aden and meet with him.)
92	2	Meet with Priest Cerenas (High Summoner Radyss has come down with an incurable disease and is near death. In order to prolong his life even a little bit, he must have some medicine. Go to the Town of Goddard, meet with Priest Cerenas and find out how to make the medicine.)
92	3	Gathering Ice Crystals (In order to mix the medicine that will prolong Radyss' life, you must first obtain an Ice Crystal that is found in the Hot Springs area. Meet with Chef Jeremy and find out how to make the Ice Crystal.)
92	4	Return to Radyss (Take the medicine Priest Cerenas made for you and return to High Summoner Radyss in the Town of Aden.)
92	5	Find the Tablet of Vision (You've discovered the first Tablet of Vision that contains the sacred knowledge required to become an Elemental Master Take the Resonance Amulet to the Tablet of Vision and obtain the knowledge!)
92	6	The Second Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the first Tablet of Vision and also found the second Resonance Amulet! Slay the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge and obtain the Resonance Amulet!)
92	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the second Resonance Amulet!  Now, try communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
92	8	The Third Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the second Tablet of Vision! The next Resonance Amulet seems to be located very close to the third Tablet of Vision. Go there and obtain the Resonance Amulet.)
92	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Now, try to commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
92	10	The Fourth Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the third Tablet of Vision! Now you must know where the fourth Resonance Amulet is located. Go there.)
92	11	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Ketra Orcs' Chief Shaman. First, meet with their messenger and form an alliance. Once you earn the trust of Ketra Orcs, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
92	12	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Varka Silenos' Chief Shaman. First, meet with the Varka Silenos' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of the Varka Silenos, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
92	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the fourth Tablet of Vision and attempt to commune with it.)
92	14	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (It seems like High Summoner Radyss has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go meet with her.)
92	15	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (The fifth Resonance Amulet is currently owned by the Archon of Halisha. In order to find that evil creature, you must either enter the Four Sepulchers in the deepest part of the Imperial Tomb or go to the Shrine of Loyalty in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and start killing his minions there. Either way, you must kill the Archon of Halisha and obtain the Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
92	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
92	17	The Sixth Resonance Amulet (The sixth Resonance Amulet seems to be near the last Tablet of Vision. But it seems someone has already gotten to it! Hurry to the last Tablet of Vision!)
92	18	The Last Tablet of Vision (Finally, you've obtained the sixth Resonance Amulet! Now try communing with the last Tablet of Vision.)
92	19	Become an Elemental Master (You've completed communing with the last Tablet of Vision.  With this, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge required to become an Elemental Master. Return to Grand Magister Arkenias in the Ivory Tower.)
92	20	Become an Elemental Master (By communing with the last Tablet of Vision, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to become an Arcana Lord. However, since your level is below 76, you can't transfer to that class yet. After you raise your level, go meet with High Summoner Kinsley at the Ivory Tower.)
92	-1	[completed]
93	1	Meet Summoner Noctisse (You've heard that Summoner Noctisse is currently researching the power of Spectral Master. She is in the Town of Aden. First, go to her and ask for her help.)
93	2	Meet Magister Kamilen (Summoner Noctisse has asked you to find and bring back the cure to treat Fairen's poison. Go meet Magister Kamilen in the Town of Goddard and ask her to make the medicine for you.)
93	3	Search for Ice Crystals! (Magister Kamilen said that in order to cure the fever, she'll need an Ice Crystal from the Hot Springs area. If you meet Chef Jeremy there, he'll provide you with the details.)
93	4	Return to Noctisse (Take the cure for fever to Summoner Noctisse in the Town of Goddard.)
93	5	Find the Tablet of Vision (You've discovered the location of the first Tablet of Vision that contains the sacred knowledge you need to become a Spectral Master. Take the Resonance Amulet to the Tablet of Vision and obtain the knowledge!)
93	6	The Second Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the first Tablet of Vision and also found the second Resonance Amulet! Slay the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge and obtain the Resonance Amulet!)
93	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the second Resonance Amulet!  Now, try communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
93	8	The Third Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the second Tablet of Vision! The next Resonance Amulet seems to be located very close to the third Tablet of Vision. Go there and obtain the Resonance Amulet.)
93	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Now, try to commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
93	10	The Fourth Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the third Tablet of Vision! Now you must know where the fourth Resonance Amulet is located. Go there.)
93	11	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Ketra Orcs' Chief Shaman. First, meet with the Ketra Orcs' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of Ketra Orcs, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
93	12	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Varka Silenos' Chief Shaman. First, meet with the Varka Silenos' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of the Varka Silenos, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
93	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the fourth Tablet of Vision and attempt to commune with it.)
93	14	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (It appears that Summoner Noctisse has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go meet with her.)
93	15	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (The fifth Resonance Amulet is currently owned by the Archon of Halisha. In order to find that evil creature, you must either enter the Four Sepulchers in the deepest part of the Imperial Tomb or go to the Shrine of Loyalty in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and start killing his minions there. Either way, you must kill the Archon of Halisha and obtain the Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
93	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
93	17	The Sixth Resonance Amulet (The sixth Resonance Amulet seems to be located near the last Tablet of Vision. However, someone seems to have already gotten a hold of it. Hurry to the last Tablet of Vision!)
93	18	The Last Tablet of Vision (Finally, you've obtained the sixth Resonance Amulet! Now try communing with the last Tablet of Vision.)
93	19	Become a Spectral Master (You've completed communing with the last Tablet of Vision. You've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to become a Spectral Master. Return to Grand Magister Fairen in the Ivory Tower.)
93	20	Become a Spectral Master (By communing with the last Tablet of Vision, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to possess to become a Spectral Master. However, since your level is lower than 76, you can't transfer to that class yet. After you raise your level, go meet with Grand Magister Fairen at the Ivory Tower.)
93	-1	[completed]
94	1	Finding High Priest Gregory (Hardin orders you to investigate a Necromancer called Hindemith. Lately, he's been appearing near the Tablet of Vision and he's probably up to no good! Report to High Priest Gregory in the Town of Goddard. He'll tell you what to do next.)
94	2	Return With the Report (High Priest Gregory tells you to go to Information Broker Bavarin in the Hot Springs area and get the report of the investigation he requested earlier.)
94	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Bavarin says he has the report of the investigation, but won't give it away for free. He wants Ice Crystals from the Hot Springs area in return. Get the Ice Crystals and return to Bavarin.)
94	4	Return to Gregory (You've got the report of the investigation from Information Broker Bavarin. Return to High Priest Gregory.)
94	5	The First Tablet of Vision (Gregory says you can probably track down Hindemith if you follow him along the pilgrimage of the Tablets of Vision. You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
94	6	Guardians of the Tablets of Vision (This tablet had no sign of Hindemith. You feel that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. Kill the guardian and get the Resonance Amulet.)
94	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
94	8	A Suspicious Shadow (This tablet also had no sign of Hindemith. You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
94	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (Now you're certain that Hindemith is on the pilgrimage of the Tablets of Vision! You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
94	10	Finding High Priest Gregory (You feel that High Priest Gregory of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Meet High Priest Gregory.)
94	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra Orcs and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Wahkan and prove yourself to him. He'll give you their sacred stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Varka Silenos by gaining the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
94	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos village and obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk and he'll give you their stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Ketra Orcs by earning the trust of their messenger, Wahkan.)
94	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
94	14	Finding High Priest Gregory (Hindemith has already left this Tablet of Vision. You feel that High Priest Gregory of the Town of Goddard has the next Resonance Amulet. Find him!)
94	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (A monster known as the Archon of Halisha has the next Resonance Amulet. The archon can be found inside the Four Sepulchers, but you mustn't enter there alone! If you prefer to confront the archon alone, attack his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty. He'll appear after you've collected 700 marks of Halisha. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
94	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
94	17	A Suspicious Shadow (Hindemith has already left this Tablet of Vision, too. You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
94	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet from Hindemith you need to access the Tablet of Vision. The Tablet of Vision has further instructions for you)
94	19	Return to Hardin (You've heard Hindemith's story and finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Hardin.)
94	20	More Training Needed (Get more training before you return to Hardin. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Soultaker. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
94	-1	[completed]
95	1	Go to Guard Bayard (Mordred orders you to investigate a Dark Avenger called Waldstein. Lately, Waldstein appears near the Tablet of Vision and is probably up to no good. First, visit Guard Bayard of the Town of Goddard. He'll tell you what to do next.)
95	2	Return With the Report (Guard Bayard tells you to go to Information Broker Bavarin in the Hot Springs area and get the report of the investigation he requested earlier.)
95	3	Search for Ice Crystals (Information Broker Bavarin says he has the report of the investigation, but won't give it away for free. He wants Ice Crystals from the Hot Springs area in return. Get the Ice Crystals and return to Bavarin.)
95	4	Return to Bayard (You've got the report of the investigation from Information Broker Bavarin. Return to Guard Bayard.)
95	5	The First Tablet of Vision (Bayard says you can track down Waldstein if you follow him on his pilgrimage of the Tablets of Vision. You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
95	6	Guardians of the Tablets of Vision (This Tablet of Vision had no sign of Waldstein. You feel that one of the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. Kill the guardian and get the Resonance Amulet.)
95	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
95	8	A Suspicious Shadow (This Tablet of Vision also had no sign of Waldstein. You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
95	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (Now you're sure that Waldstein is on the pilgrimage of the Tablets of Vision! You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
95	10	Go to Bayard (You feel that Guard Bayard of the Town of Goddard has the Resonance Amulet. Go meet Guard Bayard.)
95	11	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Ketra Orcs and get their Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Wahkan and prove yourself to him. He'll give you their sacred stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Varka Silenos by gaining the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
95	12	Return with the Stone Fragment (Go to the Varka Silenos village and obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom. They know it has great power, but have no idea how to access it. They actually hold a contest and give it to the smartest person in their tribe! Gain the trust of their messenger, Naran Ashanuk and he'll give you their stone. Or, if you prefer, you can get the stone from the Ketra Orcs by earning the trust of their messenger, Wahkan.)
95	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
95	14	Go to Bayard (Waldstein has already left this Tablet of Vision. You feel that Guard Bayard of the Town of Goddard has the Resonance Amulet. Go meet Guard Bayard.)
95	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (A monster known as the Archon of Halisha has the next Resonance Amulet. The archon can be found inside the Four Sepulchers, but you mustn't enter there alone! If you prefer to confront the archon alone, attack his minions in the Shrine of Loyalty. After you've collected 700 marks of Halisha, the archon himself will appear. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
95	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision. You should already know where it is.)
95	17	A Suspicious Shadow (Waldstein has already left this Tablet of Vision, too. You feel that someone suspicious near the next Tablet of Vision has the Resonance Amulet. You should already know where it is.)
95	18	The Sixth Tablet of Vision (You've got the Resonance Amulet you need to access the Tablet of Vision from Waldstein. You should already know where it is.)
95	19	Return to Mordred (You've heard Waldstein's story and finished communing with all the Tablets of Vision. Return to Mordred.)
95	20	More Training Needed (Get more training before you return to Mordred. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Hell Knight. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
95	-1	[completed]
96	1	Meet Elena (Mordred, the Dark Knight tells you to visit Spellbook Seller Elena in the Town of Goddard.)
96	2	In Search of Bavarin (Spellbook Seller Elena tells you to visit Bavarin and borrow the "Ancient Language Dictionary" from him.)
96	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Information Broker Bavarin says he'll let you borrow the "Ancient Language Dictionary" if you get him some Ice Crystals to soothe his arthritis. To get the Ice Crystals, visit Chef Jeremy in the Hot Springs area.)
96	4	Return to Elena (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Information Broker Bavarin gladly lends the "Ancient Language Dictionary" to you. Take it to Spellbook Seller Elena.)
96	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Spellbook Seller Elena hands the Resonance Amulet over to you, telling you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
96	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll find the person with the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
96	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
96	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
96	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
96	10	Meet Elena (At the third tablet, you learned that Spellbook Seller Elena of the Town of Goddard has a Resonance Amulet. Visit her and get the Resonance Amulet.)
96	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
96	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
96	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
96	14	Meet Elena (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not shown. Visit Elena and ask for help.)
96	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Spellbook Seller Elena tells you that if you go north from the fork in road, you'll get to the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
96	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
96	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
96	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated Death Lord Hallate and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
96	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to Mordred, The Dark Knight.)
96	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to Mordred, the Dark Knight at Hardin's Academy. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Spectral Dancer. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
96	-1	[completed]
97	1	Meet Samael (Master Galadrid tells you to meet Grand Master Samael in the Town of Goddard and get details about your task. Visit Samael.)
97	2	In Search of Bavarin (Grand Master Samael tells you to get the "Ancient Language Dictionary" from Information Broker Bavarin in the Hot Springs area. Visit Bavarin.)
97	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Information Broker Bavarin needs Ice Crystals to soothe his arthritis. Get the Ice Crystals for him.)
97	4	Return to Samael (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Information Broker Bavarin gladly lends the "Ancient Language Dictionary" to you. Take this to Grand Master Samael of the Town of Goddard.)
97	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Grand Master Samael hands the Resonance Amulet over to you, telling you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
97	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll find the person with the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
97	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
97	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
97	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
97	10	Meet Samael (At the third tablet, you learned that Grand Master Samael of the Town of Goddard has a Resonance Amulet. Visit him and get the Resonance Amulet.)
97	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
97	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Priest Bastian tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
97	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
97	14	Meet Samael (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not shown. Visit Grand Master Samael in the Town of Goddard and find out if there is other information.)
97	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Grand Master Samael tells you that if you go north from the fork in the road, you'll find the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
97	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
97	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
97	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated Pezel and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
97	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to Master Galadrid.)
97	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to Master Galadrid at Hardin's Academy. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Shillien Templar. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
97	-1	[completed]
98	1	Meet the Saint of Light (Magister Anastia tells you to visit Saint of Light in the Town of Goddard. Visit the Saint of Light.)
98	2	Searching for Duncan (Agnes asks you to visit Chef Duncan in the Hot Springs area and bring her some food.)
98	3	Return with the Ice Crystals (Chef Duncan needs Ice Crystals to keep the food fresh.)
98	4	Return to Agnes (When you deliver the Ice Crystals, Chef Duncan hands you a well-packaged jar containing the food. Take it to Saint of Light Agnes.)
98	5	Go to the Tablet of Vision (Saint of Light Agnes gives you the Resonance Amulet and tells you to go to the Tablet of Vision.)
98	6	In Search of the Second Resonance Amulet (According to the first Tablet of Vision, you'll find the person with the Resonance Amulet near the next tablet.)
98	7	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You have acquired the second Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
98	8	In Search of the Third Resonance Amulet (At the second tablet, you saw who has the Resonance Amulet near the third tablet. To find him, commune with the third tablet.)
98	9	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the third Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
98	10	Meet Kamilen (At the third tablet, you learned that Magister Kamilen has a Resonance Amulet. Visit her and get the Resonance Amulet.)
98	11	In Search of Ketra Orcs (Magister Kamilen tells you to gain the trust of Ketra's Messenger Wahkan and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
98	12	In Search of Varka Silenos (Magister Kamilen tells you to gain the trust of Varka's Messenger Naran Ashanuk and get the Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
98	13	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the Holy Stone of Wisdom and made a new Resonance Amulet. Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
98	14	Meet Kamilen (The location of the next Resonance Amulet is not revealed, but Magister Kamilen of the Town of Goddard knows something. Visit her.)
98	15	In Search of the Resonance Amulet (Magister Master Kamilen tells you that if you go north from the fork in the road, you'll find the Shrine of Loyalty. If you go east from there, you'll find the Imperial Tomb. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
98	16	Towards the Tablet of Vision (You've got the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
98	17	In Search of the Last Resonance Amulet (You sense that the final Resonance Amulet is near the tablet. Go to the tablet.)
98	18	Towards the Last Tablet of Vision (You've defeated the Fallen Angel Tanakia and taken his Resonance Amulet. Now, try the last communion.)
98	19	The Journey's End (The long journey has ended. Report your accomplishments to Magister Anastia.)
98	20	The Journey's End (Train some more before you return to Magister Anastia at Hardin's Academy. (Only characters of level 76 or above may change their class to Shillien Saint. Don't abandon the quest until class transfer is complete.))
98	-1	[completed]
99	1	Meet the Dark Elf Agent (You've heard that Pamela Aprodia, an agent for the Silver Scale Guild, is currently researching the Tablet of Vision. Go to the Town of Goddard and meet with her.)
99	2	Meet Information Broker Bavarin (Bavarin, a Dwarven information broker, supposedly has detailed information regarding the Tablet of Vision. Meet him in the Hot Springs area.)
99	3	Search for Ice Crystals! (Bavarin will tell you more about the Tablet of Vision if you bring him an Ice Crystal. Chef Jeremy can tell you how to get one.)
99	4	Return to the Town of Goddard (Take the documents you received from Bavarin to Pamela Aprodia in the Town of Goddard.)
99	5	Find the Tablet of Vision (You've discovered the location of the first Tablet of Vision that contains the sacred knowledge needed to become a Fortune Seeker. Take the Resonance Amulet to the Tablet of Vision and obtain the knowledge!)
99	6	The Second Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the first Tablet of Vision and also found the second Resonance Amulet! Slay the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge and obtain the Resonance Amulet!)
99	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the second Resonance Amulet!  Now, try communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
99	8	The Third Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the second Tablet of Vision! The next Resonance Amulet seems to be located very close to the third Tablet of Vision. Go there and obtain the Resonance Amulet.)
99	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Now, try to commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
99	10	The Fourth Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the third Tablet of Vision! Now you must know where the fourth Resonance Amulet is located. Go there.)
99	11	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Ketra Orcs' Chief Shaman. First, meet with their messenger and form an alliance. Once you earn the trust of Ketra Orcs, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
99	12	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Varka Silenos' Chief Shaman. First, meet with the Varka Silenos' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of the Varka Silenos, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
99	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the fourth Tablet of Vision and attempt to commune with it.)
99	14	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (It seems like Pamela Aprodia has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go meet with her.)
99	15	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (The fifth Resonance Amulet is currently owned by the Archon of Halisha. In order to find that evil creature, you must either enter the Four Sepulchers in the deepest part of the Imperial Tomb or go to the Shrine of Loyalty in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and start killing his minions there. Either way, you must kill the Archon of Halisha and obtain the Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
99	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
99	17	The Sixth Resonance Amulet (The sixth Resonance Amulet seems to be located near the last Tablet of Vision. However, someone seems to have already gotten a hold of it. Hurry to the last Tablet of Vision!)
99	18	The Last Tablet of Vision (Finally, you've obtained the sixth Resonance Amulet! Now try communing with the last Tablet of Vision.)
99	19	Become a Fortune Seeker (You've completed communing with the last Tablet of Vision. With this, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge required to become a Fortune Seeker. Return to Chief Inspector Mond in the Rune Township.)
99	20	Become a Fortune Seeker (By communing with the last Tablet of Vision, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to possess to become a Fortune Seeker. However, since your level is lower than 76, you can't transfer to that class yet. After you raise your level, go meet with Chief Inspector Mond in the Rune Township.)
99	-1	[completed]
100	1	Meet Master Tobald (There is a Dwarf who left before you to take the test to become a Maestro. Meet Master Tobald in the Town of Goddard to get more information about the test.)
100	2	Meet Borodin (Wilma #3, the time machine developed and built by Master Toma, has broken down. Tobald asked his disciple, blueprint seller Borodin, to repair the time machine's cooling system. Go meet Borodin and ask him about the cooling system.)
100	3	Search for Ice Crystals! (Borodin says that in order to fix the cooling system of Wilma #3, you must obtain an Ice Crystal from the Hot Springs area. Meet with Chef Jeremy to find out how to make the Ice Crystal.)
100	4	Go to Master Tobald (Borodin has repaired the cooling system of Wilma #3!  Take the repaired machine to Master Tobald.)
100	5	Find the Tablet of Vision (You've discovered the location of the first Tablet of Vision that contains the sacred knowledge needed to become a Maestro. Take the Resonance Amulet to the Tablet of Vision and obtain the knowledge!)
100	6	The Second Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the first Tablet of Vision and know where the second Resonance Amulet is! Slay the Guardians of Forbidden Knowledge and obtain the next Resonance Amulet!)
100	7	The Second Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the second Resonance Amulet!  Try communing with the Tablet of Vision.)
100	8	The Third Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the second Tablet of Vision! The next Resonance Amulet seems to be located very close to the third Tablet of Vision. Go there and obtain the Resonance Amulet.)
100	9	The Third Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the third Resonance Amulet. Now, try to commune with the Tablet of Vision.)
100	10	The Fourth Resonance Amulet (You've communed with the third Tablet of Vision! Now you must know where the fourth Resonance Amulet is located. Go there.)
100	11	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Ketra Orcs' Chief Shaman. First, meet with Ketra Orcs' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of Ketra Orcs, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
100	12	Holy Stone of Wisdom (In order to obtain the fourth Resonance Amulet, you must first obtain the Holy Stone of Wisdom which is currently possessed by the Varka Silenos' Chief Shaman. First, meet with the Varka Silenos' Messenger and form an alliance with them. Once you earn the trust of the Varka Silenos, you'll be able to obtain their Holy Stone of Wisdom.)
100	13	The Fourth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the fourth Tablet of Vision and attempt to commune with it.)
100	14	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (It seems like Master Tobald has the fifth Resonance Amulet. Go meet with him.)
100	15	The Fifth Resonance Amulet (The fifth Resonance Amulet is currently owned by the Archon of Halisha. In order to find that evil creature, you must either enter the Four Sepulchers in the deepest part of the Imperial Tomb or go to the Shrine of Loyalty in the northeastern part of the Wall of Argos and start killing his minions there. Either way, you must kill the Archon of Halisha and obtain the Resonance Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Shrine of Loyalty: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, Shrine Guards and the Archon of Halisha  Imperial Tomb: the Archon of Halisha)
100	16	The Fifth Tablet of Vision (You've obtained the fifth Resonance Amulet! Now, go to the Tablet of Vision and try communing with it.)
100	17	The Sixth Resonance Amulet (The sixth Resonance Amulet seems to be located near the last Tablet of Vision. However, someone seems to have already gotten a hold of it. Hurry to the last Tablet of Vision!)
100	18	The Last Tablet of Vision (Finally, you've obtained the sixth Resonance Amulet! Now try communing with the last Tablet of Vision.)
100	19	Become a Maestro (You've completed communing with the last Tablet of Vision. With this, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you are required to possess to become a Maestro. Return to Chief Golem Craftsman Telson in the Blacksmith Shop in the Rune Township.)
100	20	Become a Maestro (By communing with the last Tablet of Vision, you've acquired all the sacred knowledge you need to possess to become a Maestro. However, since your level is lower than 76, you can't transfer to that class yet. After you raise your level, go meet with Chief Golem Craftsman Telson  in the Blacksmith Shop in the Rune Township.)
100	-1	[completed]
101	1	Broken Sword (Grand Master Roien of Cedric's Training Hall wants to restore the sword of solidarity. He explains that the sword was made long ago to symbolize the friendship between Elves and Humans. He mentions that Blacksmith Altran is also very interested in restoring this relic. He asks you to take the letter containing the results of his investigation of the relic to Altran in the Blacksmith Shop.)
101	2	Broken Sword Blade Piece (Blacksmith Altran explains that if he is to restore the Sword of Solidarity to its original condition, he must have the two pieces of the blade. He asks you to go the Elven Ruins and obtain the broken sword blade pieces from the Orcs there. Hunt Tunath Orc Warriors and Tunath Orc Marksmen.)
101	3	Return to Blacksmith Altran (Take the broken sword blade pieces to Blacksmith Altran.)
101	4	Last Parts (While Blacksmith Altran joins the sword blade pieces together, go to Cedric's Training Hall and obtain the broken sword handle from Grand Master Roien.)
101	5	Sword of Solidarity (Take the broken sword handle to Blacksmith Altran so he can restore the sword of solidarity to its original condition.)
101	-1	[completed]
102	1	Cure for Fever (Sentinel Knight Alberius tells you that the Elven researchers who have recently gone to the Sea of Spores have come down with a fever. He is concerned about the guards he has dispatched there and asks for your help. He tells you that Master Cobendell has the cure for the fever but needs the ingredients to make the antidote. Go to Master Cobendell and help him to collect the ingredients he needs.)
102	2	Dryad's Tears (You must collect dryad's tears to make the cure for the fever. Collect 10 dryad's tears in the Elven Forest and take them to Master Cobendell. Hunt dryads and dryad elders.)
102	3	Return to Cobendell (You have collected all the necessary Dryad tears. Take them to Master Cobendell in the Elven Village.)
102	4	Medicine Created (The medicine for the fever has been created! Take it to Sentinel Knight Alberius.)
102	5	Delivery of Medicine (Sentinel Knight Alberius asks you to deliver the fever medicine to four sentinels who have gone to the Sea of Spores. Take the medicine to Sentinel Berros, Sentinel Veltress, Sentinel Rayen and Sentinel Gartrandell.)
102	6	Return to Sentinel Knight Alberius (You have distributed the fever medicine. Report back to Sentinel Knight Alberius.)
102	-1	[completed]
103	1	Method of Refining Oriharukon Ore (The Dark Elven Blacksmith, Karrod, wishes to conjure the spirit of Warsmith Roberto Steelbender in order to learn how to augment oriharukon ore. He asks for help in summoning the dead man's spirit. Visit Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon of the Temple of Shilen.)
103	2	Net for Tying Up Dead Spirits (Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon tells you that in order to summon Steelbender from the Well of Dead Souls he will need a soul catcher. Visit Magister Harne and ask her how to get a soul catcher.)
103	3	Ingredients for Soul Catcher (Ten old bones are needed to make a soul catcher. Go to the School of Dark Arts, kill skeletons and bring back their bone fragments. Kill Skeleton Hunters, Archers and Doom Soldiers.)
103	4	Return to Harne (You have collected all 10 bone fragments. Return to Magister Harne in Dark Elf Village and have the soul catcher made.)
103	5	Container to Hold Souls (A soul catcher has been created! Take it to Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon.)
103	6	Zombie's Head (The preparations for summoning Steelbender have almost all been completed. All that remains is to obtain a zombie head to temporarily hold the spirit. Go to the Swampland, kill a zombie and bring back its head. Hunt Marsh Zombies.)
103	7	Return to Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon (You have applied the preserving oil to the zombie head. Take it to Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon before it begins to rot.)
103	8	Steelbender Head (Abyssal Celebrant Cecktinon has conjured the soul of Steelbender by using the soul catcher. He then channels the spirit into the zombie head. Take it to Blacksmith Karrod before it starts to rot.)
103	-1	[completed]
104	1	Escaped Spirits (The spirits of mirrors that Grand Magister Gallint was studying have escaped! Hit each one of them with Gallint's oak wand to seal them. Seal all three and return to Gallint. The guards in the village can tell you where to find the spirits. Monsters that need to be sealed by Gallint's Oak Wand - 3 spirits of mirrors.)
104	2	Location of the Spirits (The spirits of mirrors that Grand Magister Gallint was studying have escaped! Hit each one of them with Gallint's oak wand to seal them. Seal all three and return to Gallint. You will find one of them on the western shore of the island, another near the bridge west of Einhovant's School of Wizardry and the third can be found near the Obelisk of Victory. Monsters that need to be sealed by Gallint's Oak Wand - 3 spirits of mirrors.)
104	3	Return to Grand Magister Gallint (You have sealed all three of the spirits of mirrors with Gallint's oak wand! Return to Grand Magister Gallint.)
104	-1	[completed]
105	1	Guardian of the Forest (Orcs have recently made several attacks upon the Elven Forest. The Elves have decided to take their revenge upon the Kaboo Orcs in the Misty Mountains. Read the order from Sentinel Kendell and hunt the Orcs!)
105	2	Return to Sentinel Kendell (You have destroyed the Kaboo Orcs! Report to Sentinel Kendell.)
105	3	The Second Order (The war has not yet been won. Kaboo Orcs are massing around Iris Lake in the southern part of the village and are preparing to launch an invasion! You must follow Sentinel Kendell's orders! Slay the Kaboo Orcs!)
105	4	Return to Sentinel Kendell Again (You've successfully accomplished Kendell's second order! Return to Sentinel Kendell in the Elven Village and make your report to him.)
105	-1	[completed]
106	1	Kaysha's Revelations (Dark Elven Tetrarch Thifiell asked Abyssal Celebrant Kartia to translate an ancient manuscript. He now asks you to retrieve the translated copy of "Kaysha's Revelations". You must be very discreet.)
106	2	In Search of the Stolen Revelations (You hear that "Kaysha's Revelations" was stolen by Tumran Orcs! Kill the Tumran Orc brigands that were last seen camping near the Altar of Rites, and recover the original copy of "Kaysha's Revelations" and a clay tablet.)
106	3	Return to Abyssal Celebrant Kartia (You have recovered the ancient scroll and clay tablet. Abyssal Celebrant Kartia is waiting for you.)
106	4	Translation of the Completed Revelations (The translation of "Kaysha's Revelations" is complete. Tetrarch Thifiell is waiting for you.)
106	-1	[completed]
107	1	Stop Baranka's Conspiracy! (Baranka, Shaman of Darkness, is scheming to destroy the kingdom of the Orcs. Urutu Chief Hatos has learned of his plot, and has ordered the elimination of all of Baranka's followers. Kill them all! Centurion Parugon will tell you where to find them.)
107	2	Catch Baranka's Messenger! (Baranka's messengers and escorts are advancing from the far eastern Immortal Plateau to the Frozen Waterfalls! Kill them all!)
107	3	Discovery of the secret letter! (You have recovered a secret letter from Baranka's messenger. Take it to Urutu Chief Hatos.)
107	4	Are there more secret letters? (Baranka must have sent more than one secret letter! Find Baranka's messengers and try to find other secret letters!  Monsters to be hunted - Baranka's messengers.)
107	5	Discovery of the Second Secret Letter! (You've found another secret letter! Take it to Urutu Chief Hatos.)
107	6	Further intrigues! (This can't be the end! Search harder!  Monsters to be hunted - Baranka's messengers.)
107	7	Discovery of the third secret letter! (You've found another secret letter! Take it to Urutu Chief Hatos.)
107	-1	[completed]
108	1	In Search of a Star Diamond! (Collector Gouph of the Bronze Key Guild has purchased a rare star diamond from Trader Reep of the Silver Scales Guild. It is one of only twelve on the continent! Three days have past since the agreed-upon delivery date and Gouph is becoming impatient. He asks you to go to Trader Reep, retrieve the star diamond and bring it to him.)
108	2	Carrier Torocco (Trader Reep informs you that he gave the star diamond to Carrier Torocco to deliver to Gouph. Find Torocco and ask him about the diamond.)
108	3	Booze can make you lose! (Torocco got drunk with Miner Maron last night and passed out. When he awoke, his weapons, armor, money and even the star diamond had been stolen! Find Maron and ask him what happened.)
108	4	Gambling can make you a loser, too! (Carrier Torocco is usually quite trustworthy, but when he starts drinking he inevitably starts gambling. He got drunk last night and lost everything he had in a dice game with Blacksmith Brunon. Could this mean that Blacksmith Brunon has the star diamond?)
108	5	Brunon's Request (Indeed, Blacksmith Brunon won the star diamond in a dice game! He tells you that he will give it to you if you recover the aquamarine and chrysoberyl that were stolen by a goblin brigand lieutenant.)
108	6	Return to Blacksmith Brunon (You have recovered the aquamarines and chrysoberyls that Blacksmith Brunon lost. Take them to him.)
108	7	Gem Box (Brunon gives you the gem box he says he won in a dice game. Take it to Gouph.)
108	8	Useless Coal (The gem box doesn't contain the star diamond, only a strange looking piece of coal! Return to Blacksmith Brunon and demand an explanation!)
108	9	A Chest of Mistaken Identity (Originally, the coal mass belongs to Warehouse Keeper Murdoc. Go and see him with the letter written by Brunon to exchange the chest that originally had star diamond with the letter.)
108	10	The Diamond Is Gone! (The star diamond was eaten by a bat that Warehouse Keeper Airy keeps as a pet! The bat escaped out of an open window! Go quickly and speak with Airy!)
108	11	Who keeps a bat as a pet, anyway? (Warehouse Keeper Airy asks you to find her pet, a blade bat. Kill the bat and get the diamond.)
108	12	Small Sacrifice, Great Reward (You finally recover the star diamond. Pray for the soul of the poor bat then take the star diamond to Collector Gouph.)
108	-1	[completed]
109	1	Find the Scout (Mercenary Captain Pierce asks you to discover the fate of the scout he sent out. Follow the scout's path to see what happened.)
109	2	Return to Pierce (You discovered a letter on the scout's corpse. Deliver it to Mercenary Captain Pierce.)
109	3	Go to Kahman (Mercenary Captain Pierce thanks you and tells you to see Kahman for your reward.)
109	-1	[completed]
110	1	Creatures of the Past and How I Long To Be With Them (Anton of the Town of Rune library gives you an ancient book and asks you to deliver it to Marquez on the Primeval Isle Wharf.)
110	-1	[completed]
111	1	Find the Elrokian Chief Mushika (Native Elrokians of the Primeval Isle have a mysterious skill to make hunting dinosaurs easier. Find out about this skill from the Elrokian Chief.)
111	2	Find the Chief's Son (It was hard to talk to the Elrokian Chief because he seemed ill. Talk to the Chief's son Asamah instead.)
111	3	Return to Marquez (Go back to Marquez to learn about how to make friends with the Elrokians.)
111	4	Retrieve the Diary Fragments from the Velociraptors (The best way to become the Elrokian's friend is to learn their folk songs. Go collect pieces of their diary from Velociraptors that attacked the explorer looking for clues about Elroki songcraft. Velociraptors appear around the Primeval Isle's Lost Nest. Monsters to be hunted - Velociraptor)
111	5	Take the Diary Fragments to Marquez (All pieces of the diary have been collected. Return to Marquez.)
111	6	Find Hunter Kirikachin (According to the diary, the old Elrokian hunter Kirikachin who lives in a far off dangerous place knows about the songs. Deliver the letter to him and learn the songs.)
111	7	Kirikachin's Sorrow (When Kirikachin received the letter, he seemed to become very sad. Comforting him might go a long way towards encouraging him to teach you the songs.)
111	8	Song of the Warrior (You have learn the sad and sorrowful Elrokian "Warrior's Song." Go talk to Asamah and sing the song for him.)
111	9	Friend of the Elroki Tribe (When the song began, all the other Elrokians joined in and sang as well. Talk to Asamah and become the Elrokians' friend.)
111	10	Practice Trap Parts (You have befriended the Elrokians and started learning their mysterious skills. To complete your training, go hunt the dinosaurs and collect materials for hunting equipment. Monsters to be hunted - Ornithomimus, Deinonychus, Pachycephalosaurus.)
111	11	Deliver Trap Parts to Asamah (All materials for the hunting equipment have been collected. Return to Asamah.)
111	12	Learn Trapping Skills from Kirikachin (Received the hunting equipment from Asamah. Go learn the hunting skill from Kirikachin.)
111	-1	[completed]
112	1	Meet With Karuda (The Seer Livina asks you to meet with Karuda and ensure that there are no problems.)
112	-1	[completed]
113	1	Go to the Beacon Tower (The Seer Moira feels that the energy of Pa'agrio is diminishing from the Beacon Tower and asks you to deliver the box, containing the Energy of Fire, to the Tower so that it may light during an emergency.)
113	-1	[completed]
114	1	In Search of Yumi (Collector Yumi is looking for a person willing to work in the Pavel Laboratory. Meet with her.)
114	2	In Search of a Wise Man (Collector Yumi asks you to gather information about the strange building in the south and whoever is living there. Visit an adviser who can tell you more about the building.)
114	3	Return to Yumi (The building in the south belongs to Dr. Chaos, and the Golem, Wendy, lives there by herself. The conversation with her wasn't bad. Return to Yumi.)
114	4	Return to Yumi (The building in the south belongs to Dr. Chaos, and the Golem, Wendy, lives there by herself. Wendy suspects a great deal. Return to Yumi.)
114	5	Return to Yumi (The building in the south belongs to Dr. Chaos, and the Golem, Wendy, lives there by herself. Wendy's attitude is matter-of-fact. Return to Yumi.)
114	6	Things to Know (Yumi thinks Wendy has the information necessary to solve the riddles. She asks you to talk to Wendy.)
114	7	Angry Wendy (Wendy is ill-tempered and gives you the cold shoulder. Try talking to her again.)
114	8	Wendy's Friend (Wendy mentioned her "gigantic" friend. Could this be a clue? Ask her for more details!)
114	9	Wendy's Gigantic Friend (Wendy's "gigantic" friend was a Golem Commander! Return to Collector Yumi to discuss this with her.)
114	10	Wendy's Guardian (Wendy says she cannot give you any information, and if you try to force her to answer she will fight! Defeat Wendy's Guardian and show her who's boss!)
114	11	Talk to Wendy (You've defeated Wendy's Guardian. Now, Wendy will talk.)
114	12	Golem Controller (Wendy says there is a device that transmits radio signals to control the Golems. What can it be? Return to Collector Yumi.)
114	13	Find Star Stone (Wendy needs the Star Stone to recover her memory. She says it's in a box nearby.)
114	14	Energy to Recover Memory (According to Wendy, you have acquired the Star Stone. Go back to Wendy and give it to her)
114	15	Energy Supply (Wendy is receiving energy from the Star Stone. Talk to her in a little while.)
114	16	Former Controller (Wendy's recovered memories reveal that she was in charge of the transportation and management of goods. Her friend, Atlanta, was in charge of controlling various Golems. Return to Yumi.)
114	17	Radio Signal Transmitter (The information you've learned reveals there is a hidden transmitter sending out radio signals.  Search for the transmitter with the signal detector that Yumi gave you!)
114	18	Radio Signal Detector's Response (The signal detector responded to something nearby. Look for it.)
114	19	Identity of the Transmitter (The detector responded to the strange stack of stones engraved with the symbol of the Giants. Return to Collector Yumi and report what you've learned.)
114	20	Get Star Stone (Give the stack of stones to Wendy to get the Star Stone. Find Wendy.)
114	21	Go to the Village (Bring the stack of stones to the Dwarf Guild to get the Star Stone. Find the Head Blacksmith Newyear of the Town of Schuttgart!)
114	22	Return to Yumi (You have received the Star Stone from Newyear. Return to Yumi.)
114	23	The Star Stone in the Box (The Star Stone is in a wooden box in the back. The box is unlocked, so retrieve the Star Stone.)
114	24	Star Stone Acquired (You have the Star Stone! Return to Wendy.)
114	25	Return to Yumi (You can use the Star Stone after you return to Yumi.)
114	26	Return to Yumi (You paid money for the Star Stone. Return to Yumi.)
114	27	Go to the Stack of Stones (Yumi says that if you place the Star Stone near the stack of stones that triggered the signal detector, something interesting will happen. Go to the stack of stones!)
114	-1	[completed]
115	1	Meet With Misa (Rafforty asks you to speak with a woman named Misa at Frost Lake. Your meeting is scheduled for after nightfall, so you must travel in the dark.)
115	2	Letter for Rafforty (Misa tells you to give her letter to Rafforty.)
115	3	Under Suspicion? (Rafforty is sorry that he doubted you.)
115	4	Sudden Offer (Rafforty says that he belongs to the Jinia Guild and asks for your help.)
115	5	Momentary Wait (Rafforty says he has heard a different story, and asks you to come back later.)
115	6	Go Back to Misa (Rafforty tells you that he has received new information from Misa. He asks you to meet with her after nightfall, so you'll have to travel in the dark.)
115	7	In Search of the Ice Sculpture (Misa says the missing informants have already been turned into ice sculptures. Go and find them.)
115	8	Whereabouts of Kier (You have learned information regarding Kier. Go to see Kier.)
115	9	Go to Rafforty (You have obtained a report from Kier, who now is an ice sculpture. Take the report to Rafforty.)
115	10	Decipher the Cryptogram (Rafforty asks you to wait while he decodes the cryptogram.)
115	11	In Search of Tablet Fragment (Rafforty needs the Tablet Fragments for his decryption spell. You remember seeing the fragments. Go to the place where the ice sculptures are located.)
115	12	Go to Rafforty (Tablet's piece has been found.  Go back to Rafforty.)
115	-1	[completed]
116	1	Goods Purchased for Filaur (Gray Pillar's Filaur says he needs you to bring him the following items: 20 Bandages, 5 Energy Stones, 10 Keys of the Thief.  When you get them all, return to Gray Pillar's Filaur.)
116	2	Delivery for the Railroad Worker (Gray Pillar's Filaur has asked you to deliver supplies to Railroad Worker Obi in the Plunderous Plains just beyond the passage to the mining areas.)
116	-1	[completed]
117	1	Abey's Deep Sleep (Railroad Worker Abey cannot sleep because of the strange sounds she hears. Wait here until nightfall and tell Abey if something strange happens.)
117	2	Ghost's Request (The ghost of the Ancient Railroad Engineer appears and asks you to bring back a hammer with symbols carved in its handle. He says that the hammer is probably somewhere in the railroad station and a railroad worker also knows where)
117	3	Go to Railroad Worker Abey (Railroad Worker Obi says he doesn't know anything about the ghost. He tells you to talk to Abey when she wakes up in the afternoon.)
117	4	Search the Box (She thinks the hammer the ghost mentioned is probably in a box in the back of the station.)
117	5	Go to Abey (You've found the ancient hammer in the box. Take it to Railroad Worker Abey.)
117	6	Hammer of Riddles (You now have the hammer with the ancient symbols carved in the handle. Railroad Worker Obi probably knows about the hammer)
117	7	Find the Lost Book (The book written about the Sky Wagon was stolen! Defeat the Bandits and recover the book. Monsters to be hunted - Bandit Inspector, Bandit Warrior)
117	8	Return to Obi (You have rescued the book from the Bandits' clutches. Return to Railroad Worker Obi.)
117	9	The Original Hammer Owner (The hammer was used when the Sky Wagon was developed in the past. It seems like the ghost was one of the construction workers at that time. Take the hammer to the ghost. The ghost appears only at night.)
117	10	Go to the Sky Wagon Relic (Having lost all hope, the Ghost of an Ancient Railroad Engineer asks you to meet his friend at the Sky Wagon Relic.)
117	-1	[completed]
118	1	Slay the Maille Lizardman (Blacksmith Pinter of the Town of Gludio tells you to bring him the materials necessary to make Clan Academy armor. Get 10 bottles of Maille Lizardman Blood. Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardman, Maille Lizardman Scout, Maille Lizardman Guard)
118	2	Go to Pinter (You have collected all the Lizardmen's blood needed. Return to Blacksmith Pinter.)
118	3	Get Help from Sponsor (Blacksmith Pinter tells you he needs 922 D-Grade crystals to make heavy armor. Your Sponsor must acquire the necessary crystals and take them to Pinter.)
118	4	Get Help from Sponsor (Blacksmith Pinter tells you he needs 771 D-Grade crystals to make light armor. Your Sponsor must acquire the necessary crystals and take them to Pinter.)
118	5	Get Help from Sponsor (Blacksmith Pinter tells you he needs 771 D-Grade crystals to make the robe. Your Sponsor must acquire the necessary crystals and take them to Pinter.)
118	6	Go to Pinter (Your Sponsor gave Blacksmith Pinter the crystals necessary for making the armor. Blacksmith Pinter has a message for you. Go to Pinter.)
118	7	Defeat the King of the Araneid (Blacksmith Pinter finally tells you to defeat the King of the Araneid in the Maille Lizardmen Barracks and collect 8 legs. You must defeat the King of the Araneid while your Sponsor is watching. Monster to Hunt - The King of the Araneid)
118	8	Go to Pinter (You've collected all the King of the Araneid's legs. Return to Blacksmith Pinter.)
118	-1	[completed]
119	1	Go to Nurse Devorin (The Nameless Spirit asks you to meet Nurse Devorin in the Town of Rune and learn the lyrics of the lullaby he listened to when he was young. Go to Devorin in the Town of Rune.)
119	2	Return to the Nameless Spirit (You listened to the lyrics of the lullaby sung by Nurse Devorin. Return to the Nameless Spirit.)
119	-1	[completed]
120	1	Atlanta (The stack of stones says its name is Atlanta. Why did it awaken Atlanta?)
120	2	The Child who was With Atlanta (The stack of stones that identified itself as Atlanta asks you to look for a child who was with it.  Where is the child?)
120	3	Go To Wendy (Yumi thinks that the child is a Golem and tells you to speak to Wendy first.)
120	4	Wendy (There is something suspicious about Wendy. Go to Wendy!)
120	5	Object to Recover Memory (Wendy says she cannot recover her lost memories about Atlant without help.  If there is somebody who has it, there's only one person.  Go to see Gesto.)
120	6	One Flower Stem (Atlanta gave you a flower saying that it was a fragment of the child. Will it restore Wendy's memory?)
120	7	Time to Think (Wendy says she remembers something, and needs time to think about it.  Go back to Yumi and report.)
120	8	Dr. Chaos' Mistake (Yumi told you about the history of the ruins. If the Guardian Golem that Dr. Chaos awoke is revived, it will be disastrous! Go to Wendy and ask her about Dr. Chaos' activities.)
120	9	Arrival of Eternal Spring (Wendy knows that Dr. Chaos has created some sort of device. In order to find out what it is, go to Atlanta and ask about "N.45 Arrival of Eternal Spring.")
120	10	Core of the North Wing (Atlanta's password will allow you to enter the North Wing, which is the primary area of the experiment. Memorize the password and go to the Weathermaster in the North Wing. Learn about the lab's security devices before progressing further.)
120	11	Password Approved (The password has been approved! Now you must stop the prototype of the Arrival of Eternal Spring.)
120	12	Terminated Prototype (You've terminated the core of the North Wing operation.  Go back to Atlanta and report the current situation.)
120	13	Incidents in the East Wing (Atlanta, stuttering, says that you must find out what is occurring in the East Wing, the management building. Wendy knows what happened there. Go to Wendy!)
120	14	Locked Up Book (Wendy woke up in the East Wing, but her memory is not intact. Go to the shelf and find the locked book. Be careful, the shelf might be trapped!)
120	15	Closed Book (You bypassed all the traps and retrieved the book! But how do you use it? Perhaps Yumi or Wendy knows.)
120	16	The Key Yumi Found (Yumi gave you the key she found while investigating the laboratory. Double click the key to read the report, then talk to Yumi.)
120	17	Core of the East Wing (The East Wing's password is probably Wendy's code number! Memorize the code and go to the East Wing. Be sure to remember where the entrance is.)
120	18	Controlling Core of the East Wing (The password has been accepted! Study the energy currents in the laboratory and eliminate any dangers!)
120	19	Return to Atlanta (You've stopped the dangers in the East Wing and discovered the password for the West Wing.  Doing anything further is impossible without Pavel.  Please go back to Reorin now.)
120	20	Stop the Last Study (Atlanta asks you to stop the last experiment, "N. 45 Arrival of Eternal Spring," which is being conducted in the West Wing. Go to the West Wing!)
120	21	Is the Eternal Spring Coming? (The password has been approved. Stop the final project!)
120	22	Speak of the Never Coming Spring (You've terminated the Never Coming Spring project.  You've been injured, but you should return to Atlanta to report the result of your missions!)
120	23	The Successor of Stone Balance (Atlanta doesn't show any reaction. Just as you expected.)
120	24	A Final Message (Atlanta left a message with Wendy. Ask Wendy for the message.)
120	25	The End of the Story (Wendy told you everything about Dr. Chaos and the terrifying Golem Army.  Return to Yumi and tell her the story.)
120	-1	[completed]
121	1	Find the Collector Yumi (Collector Yumi will be waiting for you in the Dwarven barracks located at Pavel Ruins. Meet with her and make haste.)
121	-1	[completed]
122	1	Go to Karuda (Moira says that if you travel west along the path leading out of town, you will meet Karuda, who will end your wandering. Walk along the path.)
122	-1	[completed]
123	1	Slay the Bruin Lizardman (Head Blacksmith Newyear of the Town of Schuttgart tells you to bring him the materials necessary to make Clan Academy armor. Go south of the Town of Schuttgart and get 10 bottles of Bruin Lizardman Blood. Monster to Hunt - Bruin Lizardman)
123	2	Go to Newyear (You've collected all the Lizardmen's blood needed. Return to Head Blacksmith Newyear.)
123	3	Get Help from Sponsor (Head Blacksmith Newyear says he needs 922 D-Grade crystals to make heavy armor. Your Sponsor must acquire the necessary crystals and take them to Newyear.)
123	4	Get Help from Sponsor (Head Blacksmith Newyear says he needs 771 D-Grade crystals to make light armor. Your Sponsor has to get the necessary crystals and then go to Newyear.)
123	5	Get Help from Sponsor (Head Blacksmith Newyear says he needs 771 D-Grade crystals to make the robe. Your Sponsor has to get the necessary crystals and then go to Newyear.)
123	6	Go to Newyear (Your Sponsor gave Newyear the crystals necessary for making the armor. Head Blacksmith Newyear has a message for you. Go to Newyear.)
123	7	Repulse the Picot Araneid (Head Blacksmith Newyear finally tells you to defeat Picot Araneid and bring back his 8 legs. He can be found southwest of the Town of Schuttgart. You must defeat Picot Araneid while your Sponsor is watching. Monster to Hunt - Picot Araneid)
123	8	Go to Newyear (You've collected all of Picot Araneid's legs. Return to the Head Blacksmith Newyear.)
123	-1	[completed]
124	1	Marquez' Request (The Humans and the Elrokians are currently hostile towards each other. Nevertheless, at the Primeval Isle's wharf, the old explorer Marquez asks you to help the Elroki tribe.)
124	2	Mushika's Letter (Marquez is an old friend of Elroki Chief Mushika, who lives on the Primeval Plains. Marquez tells you that Mushika is deathly ill and needs the help of an adventurer to find the cure. Travel inland to meet with Asamah, the chief's son, in order to learn the details.)
124	3	Mushika: Near Death (Mushika is too ill to speak coherently. Speak with his son Asamah instead.)
124	4	The Location of the Mysterious Medicine (Asamah Found out that there is a cure for his father's illness, but that the Elrokian shaman Karakawei knows more about it. Go talk to him.)
124	5	Mantarasa Egg (The Elroki shaman Karakawei says that in order to cure Mushika's illness, you must find the Mantarasa Egg, which is located somewhere on the Primeval Isle.)
124	6	Acquiring the Mysterious Medicine (You have obtained the Mantarasa Egg, which can restore Mushika to health. Take it to Asamah, who is anxiously awaiting the cure.)
124	-1	[completed]
125	1	The Elroki Tribe's Dilemma (Following his recovery, Chief Mushika claims that his illness is somehow connected with the Lost Nest. He asks for your help in investigating its cause, which he says may affect the future of the entire Elroki people.)
125	2	By the Power of Shamanism! (Mushika believes that a danger to the Elroki lurks within the Lost Nest. He says that he needs the help of the Elrokian shaman Karakawei and asks you to go and meet with him.)
125	3	Special Ritual (Shaman Karakawei is preparing a special ritual to call forth the souls of the ancient Elrokians. To perform the ritual, he needs you to hunt certain dinosaurs and bring back their bones and claws.   Monsters to be hunted - Ornithomimus, Deinonychus)
125	4	Ritual Ingredients (You have gathered all the Ornithomimus Claws and Deinonychus Bones needed for the ritual. Give the ingredients to Karakawei so he can begin the ceremony.)
125	5	Find the Stone Statue! (Thanks to Karakawei's ritual, you have learned the location of the stone statue and the means of communicating with it. Speak to the stone about the relic that Mushika gave you.)
125	6	Find Balu Kaimu (Ulu Kaimu confirmed that it is an ancient Pillar of Wisdom, but it does not possess full information about the relic. It tells you to find its kin, another Pillar named Balu Kaimu, and seek knowledge about the relic there.)
125	7	Hope in Chuta Kaimu (Balu Kaimu was also unable to tell you much about the ancient relic. It does, however, tell you about Chuta Kaimu, yet another Pillar of Wisdom and suggests you show it the relic.)
125	8	Outsider of Fate (Chuta Kaimu informs you that the relic is a fragment of an ancient Elrokian weapon. It asks you to take an Epitaph of Wisdom back to the Elrokian chief Mushika.)
125	-1	[completed]
126	1	An Impossible Problem (While analyzing the Epitaph of Wisdom, Asamah has learned of a magical axe called Gazkh wielded by his ancestors. But there is something that cannot be discovered using only the Epitaph, and he asks for your help in obtaining the knowledge he needs.)
126	2	Find the Pillars of Wisdom Again (Asamah believes that the Gazkh fragment somehow caused Mushika's illness, and he suspects that the abnormal events occurring throughout the island are also related to the magical axe. Visit Ulu Kaimu for more information.)
126	3	Dialogue with Ulu Kaimu (You have obtained the power necessary to awaken and question the sleeping Ulu Kaimu. Seek it's wisdom about the relationship between the strange events occurring throughout the island and the fragment of Gazkh.)
126	4	The Melody (While speaking with Ulu Kaimu, you heard the first verse of the unknown melody. You do not know its significance, but suspect that it may be an important clue. Memorize it.)
126	5	Find Balu Kaimu (Ulu Kaimu was unable to completely answer the question. Instead, it tells you to find its kin, Balu Kaimu, and to seek additional knowledge there.)
126	6	Coming to an Understanding with Balu Kaimu (You find Balu Kaimu and begin communication. Conduct the conversation more carefully this time in order to obtain the desired response.)
126	7	The Decisive Tune (While speaking with Balu Kaimu, you hear a melody similar to the one you heard from Ulu Kaimu. It definitely seems to be important, so memorize it well.)
126	8	The Revealed Truth (Balu Kaimu is able to give you a more substantial answer, and it even tells you that the unknown melody is a song once beloved by the ancient Elrokian warriors. To hear the rest of the story, though, you must find Chuta Kaimu.)
126	9	Gazkh and the Isle (You finally communicate with Chuta Kaimu, the last of the Pillars of Wisdom. Listen to its tale about Gazkh and the strange events occurring throughout the island.)
126	10	Song of Lament (Chuta Kaimu says that the axe Gazkh longs for its long-dead owner. It also tells you that the melody you heard from the other two Pillars of Wisdom is the song that Gazkh's owner loved to sing. Be sure to memorize this melody.)
126	11	Warrior's Tomb (Chuta Kaimu advises you to find the grave of Gazkh's former owner and pray for the warrior's soul.)
126	12	Tribute to the Unknown Warrior (You find a single grave at the spot Chuta Kaimu told you about. Perhaps it is the final resting place of Gazkh's former owner. Try praying there.)
126	13	Spirit of the Elrokian Warrior (You spoke with the soul of the Elrokian warrior who lies buried in the forgotten grave. You begin to see the connection between Gazkh and the strange events on the island. Listen to his story carefully.)
126	14	A Memorial Service (The Elrokian warrior's soul says that for you to become a true warrior able to wield Gazkh, you will need his ashes. Before obtaining them, you must first perform a proper memorial service.)
126	15	A Memorial Service (You correctly sang the melody of the first verse of the Warrior's Song!  Attempt the second verse.)
126	16	Sing the Second Verse (You succeeded in singing the second verse! Now only the last verse remains. If you sing it correctly, you can properly perform the memorial service.)
126	17	The Warrior's Song Calms the Soul (You successfully completed the third verse. Now speak with the Elroki warrior's spirit and obtain the ashes of his bones.)
126	18	Find the Seal Stone (You have obtained the ancient Elrokian warrior's ashes. Take them to the Seal Stone that guards Sailren the dinosaur and you will learn how to handle the axe Gazkh.)
126	19	The Seal Stone's Warning (You found the Seal Stone, which revealed itself to be Shilen's Stone Statue. After hearing about the events on the island, the statue warns you that the seal over Sailren has been broken and even worse things may soon occur. Find out how you can control Sailren.)
126	20	A True Elrokian Warrior (Shilen's Stone Statue, which reveals itself as Shilen's Avatar, has bestowed on you the right to wield Gazkh in Shilen's stead. Now you must find the location of all the fragments of Gazkh. Return to Asamah and tell him these things.)
126	21	The Location of Gazkh (You have told Asamah about your experience in the Lost Nest. Ask what he has learned about the Gazkh fragment while you were gone.)
126	22	Return to Mushika (Asamah has not learned much about the fragment, but tells you that his father Mushika has discovered something important. Go meet with him.)
126	23	The Scroll's Hidden Password (Using a secret code hidden in the ancient scroll, Mushika has finally discovered the location of the remaining Gazkh fragments! Hear what the code says and learn what you must do to retrieve the fragments.)
126	-1	[completed]
128	1	Pailaka Guide (Place created by the collection of chaos. Find someone who will help you on Pailaka.)
128	2	Essence of Water (Use the Spirit's Sword received from Inspector Sinai to defeat the Water Spirit Hillas and to obtain the essence of water. Monsters to be hunted - Water Spirit Hillas)
128	3	Sword Enhancement (The Temple Book of Secretes is shining.  Follow the information to meet with the Temple Inspector.)
128	4	Reinforced Spirit's Sword (You obtained the enhanced weapon. Follow the book's information to defeat the Spirit inside the Forgotten Temple. Monsters to be hunted - Water Spirit Papion)
128	5	Find the Essence of Fire (The Pailaka Book of Secrets will tell you which enemy to defeat next. Monsters to be hunted - Fire Spirit Kinsus)
128	6	Sword of Ice and Fire (You obtained the essence of fire. Find the Inspector who will enhance it.)
128	7	Chief Gatekeeper of Flames (The Spirit's Sword was restored to its true form. Go to the place revealed by the Pailaka Book of Secrets, defeat the final Fire Spirit, and proceed to the center of the chaos! Monsters to be hunted - Fire Spirit Gargos)
128	8	The Final Enemy (Read the book, find the one who produces the chaos, and defeat him! Monsters to be hunted - Adiantum)
128	9	The Destruction of Pailaka (The temple boss Adiantum has finally been defeated! Speak with Inspector Adler, who appeared once the Spirit was defeated!)
128	-1	[completed]
129	1	Pailaka of Devil's Isle (The power of darkness has enveloped Devil's Isle. Prepare to resolve the matter and go meet with the Devil's Isle Survivor.)
129	2	Pailaka Guide (Once you enter Pailaka, someone will be there to help you. Meet him and begin your task!)
129	3	Purge Devil's Isle (Defeat the pirates, enhance the Ancient Legacy Sword, and defeat the final boss Lematan! Monsters to be hunted - Kams, Hikoro, Alkaso, Gerbera, Lematan)
129	4	Purged Devil's Isle (You have defeated Lematan! Speak with the Dwarven Adventurer who appeared beside you, and return to the original world!)
129	-1	[completed]
130	1	Ivory Tower Wizard (Casian says that he can't help, and suggests that you seek out Galate at the Ivory Tower instead.)
130	2	Proof of Truth (Galate wants proof that you've come on Casian's recommendation.)
130	3	Casian's Blue Crystal (Casian gives you the blue crystal he received from the water dragon to take as proof for Galate.  Return to Galate.)
130	-1	[completed]
131	1	The Crystal Oracle (Priest Kanis of the Crystal Oracle needs help to find the missing Witch of the Water Dragon.  Go talk to him so you can hear the details.)
131	2	Bird in a Cage (You have learned the mission details from Priest Kanis. As soon as you are ready, go to Sea Dragon Cave, located under the Isle of Prayer, and rescue Parme.)
131	3	Fly Away, Bird (Finally the Witch has been saved.  The found witch moved to somewhere else due to emergency.  Deliver the witch's letter to Khanis.)
131	-1	[completed]
132	1	Matras' Request (Matras has asked you to bring him the blueprints of the Tower to fulfill his curiosity.  It is reported that Ranku and the Demon Prince have the blueprints.)
132	2	Blueprint Found (You have collected the blueprints Matras requested.  Return to Matras.)
132	3	Blueprint Confirmation (Matras needs time to review the blueprints for authenticity. Visit Matras later.)
132	-1	[completed]
133	1	Hellbound Island (Find out the way to get into the Hellbound island where the witch mentioned in her letter to the Priest Khanis of Crystal Oracle)
133	2	Ivory Tower Wizard (Find out the way to get into the Hellbound island by delivering the augmented crystals to the magician Galate who's dispatched to the Ivory Tower in Innadril.)
133	-1	[completed]
134	1	The Goddess of Order (Priest Glyvka says that the religious association bestows the position as Feet of the religious association on the ones who prove their loyalty to the god by helping the religious association. Continue to talk with Glyvka who can actually help you in a specific way.)
134	2	The Defiant One (Eliminate the Giants' experimental monsters who deny the existence of Einhasad, goddess of order.  Eliminate as well the apostates who falsely worship the Giants' knowledge.  Talk to Spell book Seller Rouke for details.)
134	3	Purge (Eliminate the Giants' experimental monster in the Cruma Marshlands and collect Giants' Experimental Tool Fragments.  Bring the fragments to Spellbook Seller Rouke, who will assemble them into a completed Giants' Experimental Tool.  Next,  use the tool to bait the apostates who idolize the Giants.  Eliminate the apostates and bring the Giant's Technology Report to Rouke. Monsters to be hunted - Marsh Stakatos, Weird Wasps, Marsh Stakato Workers, Toad Lords, Marsh Stakato Soldiers, Marsh Spiders, Marsh Stakato Drones)
134	4	Mission Complete (Bring the Giants' Technology Reports to Spellbook Seller Rouke.)
134	5	Temple Missionary (Mission accomplished! Report your success to Priestess Glyvka.)
134	-1	[completed]
135	1	Proof of Loyalty (Priest Shegfield says that the religious association bestows the position as Hands of the religious association on the ones who prove their loyalty to the god by helping the religious association. Continue to talk with Shegfield who can actually help you in a specific way.)
135	2	Helping the Unfortunate (People in Floran Village need help from the religious association. Meet Alex and help people in Town of Floran in obedience to the religious association)
135	3	Unfortunate Recommendation (Hunt for Delu Lizardman's supply corpsman, the commando, the commander, the magician, and the Cursed Watcher. Give Warehouse Keeper Sonin those 10 goods which were stolen beforeGive Grocer Pano 10 Crystals of HatredGive Alankel 10 old treasure maps and get credentials from each of them to hunt for-  Delu Lizardman's supply corpsman, Delu Lizardman's commando, Delu Lizardman's commander, Delu Lizardman's magician, and the Cursed Watcher.)
135	4	Get the Recommendation (Collected all the items you needed in Floran Village. Bring Sonin, Pano and Alex what they want)
135	5	Evidence of Assistance (Obtained all the credential letters from those who asked for help in Floran Village. Go back to Priest Shegfield and report this......)
135	-1	[completed]
136	1	Hardin's Research (Hardin, a Necromancer Grand Master heavily involved in researching Necromancy Magic, has discovered polymorph magic, the ability to transform someone's appearance. However, he is having difficulty stabilizing the soul of the subject of the magic. Listen to his story and find a way to help.)
136	2	Stabilized Ectoplasm (To create a structure appropriate for the polymorphed soul, Hardin requires Stabilized Ectoplasm. It can be obtained from Dark Elf Magister Errickin in Hunter's Village. Go find him.)
136	3	Ectoplasm (In order to produce Stabilized Ectoplasm, ectoplasm is obviously required. Ectoplasm can be obtained from the Mirrors and Forest of Mirrors Ghosts in the Forest of Mirrors. Collect the 35 Ectoplasms needed by Errickin. Monsters to be hunted - Forest of Mirrors Ghost, Mirror)
136	4	Ectoplasm Collected (You have collected the 35 Ectoplasms needed. Return to Errickin in Hunter's Village.)
136	5	Stabilized Ectoplasm Acquired (You have obtained Stabilized Ectoplasm from Errickin. Return to Hardin's Academy and give them to Hardin to continue his research.)
136	6	Blank Sealbook (According to Hardin, polymorph information must be engraved on the polymorpher. A Blank Sealbook is required in order to transfer information about Hardin's polymorph magic energy and engrave the polymorpher. Find Magister Clayton in Dion Town to obtain a Blank Sealbook.)
136	7	Glass Jaguar Crystal (According to Magister Clayton, it will require 5 Glass Jaguar Crystals to make a Blank Sealbook as Hardin has requested. You can obtain Glass Jaguar Crystals from the Glass Jaguars who live on the Plains of Dion. Monsters to be hunted - Glass Jaguar)
136	8	Completed collecting the Glass Jaguar Crystal (All the necessary Glass Jaguar Crystals have been collected. Give them to Magister Clayton.)
136	9	Blank Sealbook Acquisition (You have acquired the Blank Sealbook from Magister Clayton. Hurry to Hardin.)
136	-1	[completed]
137	1	Proof of Qualification (In order to take on important missions of the religious association, you must pass High Priest Sylvain's oral test. Have a conversation with High Priest Sylvain..)
137	2	Trace of Report (You have been entrusted with an important mission from the religious association because you passed High Priest Sylvain's oral test. The inspector sent by the religious association has gone missing in the Dion Hills. You must eliminate the monsters in the Dion Hills and bring back pieces of the report the inspector had on him.  Monsters to hunt - Hobgoblin, Dion Grizzly, Dire Wolf, Ol Mahum Ranger, Monster Eye Searcher, Monster Eye Gazer, Enku Orc Champion, Enku Orc Shaman)
137	3	Securing the Report (I have collected all the pieces of the inspector's report. Bring those to High Priest Sylvain right now)
137	-1	[completed]
138	1	Position of the Temple (Conclusive evidence of the advent of the angel means a lot to the religious association established by Emperor Shunaiman who was in contact with the angel in the past. The religious association is going to send a manifesto to declare that the advent of the angel proves the legitimacy of the association to the groups against them. Talk to High Priest Sylvain in order to undertake the mission to deliver the manifesto.)
138	2	Middleman (In order to deliver the manifesto, you must meet with Prophet Sla of Wilderness who can get in contact with the groups against the religious association. You need to ask Priestess Pupina in Town of Giran in order to meet Sla.)
138	3	Prove your Flexibility (Pupina believes that although there is truth in the religious association, they need to be changed. It is said that you need to have a certain level of flexibility in your attitude toward the rules of the religious association in order to meet Prophet Sla. You need to help Dark Elven Grand Master Angus, and then bring his letter of recommendation to Pupina in order to prove it.)
138	4	Dark Heirlooms (Dark Elven Grand Master Angus says that he needs the belongings of the Dark Elven trainee who was killed in an accident in Death Pass in order to prepare his funeral. Eliminate the monsters in Death Pass and bring his belongings to Grand Master Angus in Giran. Monsters to be hunted - Wyrm, Guardian Basilisk, Road Scavenger, Crimson Bind)
138	5	Flexible Evidence (You received the letter of recommendation by helping Dark Elven Grand Master Angus in Town of Giran. Go back to Priestess Pupina and prove your flexibility.)
138	6	Prophet of the Wilderness (You proved your flexibility to Priestess Pupina. Pupina gives you the letter of recommendation and says that you will be able to talk to Prophet Sla if you have this letter. Meet with Prophet Sla with Pupina's letter of recommendation.)
138	7	Prophet Sla's Position (Prophet Sla says that the religious association claims their legitimacy without any convincing evidence, and they are obsessed with proving their legitimacy because the foundation of the association was political and based on manipulated truth. He also says that it is wrong to establish power by using the name of the god. Deliver this message of Sla to High Priest Sylvain)
138	-1	[completed]
139	1	Contact Qualification (It looks like you need some kind of qualification in order to meet with Shadow Fox who has information about the advent of the angel mentioned by High Priest Sylvain. Talk to Warehouse Keeper Mia who knows Shadow Fox well)
139	2	Find the Document Chest (You need to complete Warehouse Keeper Mia's request in order to meet Shadow Fox. Eliminate Tasaba Lizardmen of White Beach of Crocodile and bring both the Document Chest and the pieces of the key to the Document Chest. You need at least more than 10 pieces of the key to the Document Chest and more than 1 Document Chest to check the Document Chest. Monsters to be hunted - Tasaba Lizardmen, Tasaba Lizardman Magician)
139	-1	[completed]
140	1	Mid-grade Test (You must pass Warehouse Keeper Clerk's test in order to become a Mid-grade Agency. Continue to talk to him.)
140	2	What the Goddess Left (Clerk's test is to find evidence of Sword of Othelotte which was granted to the Goddess Eva. Secure the code document of Sword of Goddess by visiting Dark Elven Magister Xenovia in Heine.)
140	3	Experiment Assistance (Dark Elven Magister Xenovia says that he will give you the code document of Sword of Goddess if you bring him enough Dark Oxides which can be produced from Dark Crystals that can be acquired from the monsters in Alligator Beach. If you bring 5 Dark Crystals to Xenovia, you can carry out one experiment to produce Dark Oxides. Monsters to be hunted - Crokian, Dailaon, Crokian Warrior, Parhit)
140	4	Test Complete (You acquired the code document of Sword of Goddess from Dark Elven Xenovia. Bring it to the Warehouse Clerk.)
140	-1	[completed]
141	1	High-grade Test (You must pass Warehouse Chief Natools' test in order to become a High-grade Agency. Continue to talk to him.)
141	2	What's Left of your Predecessor (Natools' test is to find the report written by the predecessor who was killed while carrying out the mission. Go to Alligator Beach and eliminate the monsters that attacked the predecessor in order to bring the predecessor's report. Monsters to be hunted - Crokian Warrior, Parhit, Alligator)
141	3	Your Predecessor's Report (You have found all the predecessor's reports. Go back to Natools.)
141	4	Select (Warehouse Chief Natools whom you were looking for was High-grade Information Dealer Shadow Fox. Shadow Fox is asking you to select only one of the two same requests of the two major powers in Aden. Continue to talk with him to decide.)
141	-1	[completed]
142	1	Request of the Lords of Dawn (Among the two requests that Shadow Fox introduced, you selected the request of the religious association and Lords of Dawn. Continue to talk with Warehouse Chief Natools, who is actually Shadow Fox, to find out more about the request)
142	2	Temple Intentions (Both the religious association and Lords of Dawn believe that the fallen angel is the corrupt angel, and want to eliminate her. Meet High Priest Raymond in Gludio Castle Town and follow his instructions..)
142	3	Fallen Angel (High Priest Raymond says that Elder Casian in the wilderness has a clue to find out where the fallen angel is. He tells you to meet Casian to locate the angel, and eliminate her. Also, you need to bring the angel's blood as proof.)
142	4	Prophecy in the Ant Nest (Elder Casian says that the fallen angel can be found by using Prophetic Writings - Way of the God, but the Prophet who was carrying it is missing after being attacked by the ants. Eliminate the ants in the ant nest and collect the pieces of 'Prophetic Writings - Way of the God' in order to locate the angel. Monsters to be hunted - Ant, Ant Captain, Ant Overseer, Ant Recruit, Ant Patrol, Ant Guard, Ant Soldier, Ant Warrior Captain, Noble Ant, Noble Ant Leader)
142	5	Fallen Angel Elimination (According to Prophetic Writings - Way of the God, you can call out the fallen angel if you sing a praise song on the weathered rock in the wilderness. Climb to the weathered rock and call out the angel to eliminate her right now Monsters to be hunted - Fallen Angel)
142	6	Elimination Report (Finally, you eliminated the fallen angel and got her blood. Report it to High Priest Raymond in Gludio Castle Town right now.)
142	-1	[completed]
143	1	Request of Dusk (Among the two requests that Shadow Fox introduced, you selected the request of Prophets of Wilderness and Revolutionists of Dusk. Listen to what the request is about.)
143	2	Revolutionary Ambition (The request of Revolutionists of Dusk is to find the location of the wounded angel and to secure the message by healing the angel. Meet Grand Master Tobias in Gludio Castle Town and follow his instructions.)
143	3	Elder Casian (Grand Master Tobias says that Elder Casian in the wilderness has the healing medicine for the angel. Meet Casian and get the medicine.)
143	4	Heal the Angel (Elder Casian gives you the healing medicine for the angel and says that she can be found on the weathered rock. Go to find the angel and help her. And you need to put the angel's message in Echo Crystal.)
143	5	To Tobias (The wounded angel's story about the creator of human and Shillien was shocking. I wonder what kind of impact the Echo Crystal containing this shocking story would have. Go back to Grand Master Tobias.)
143	-1	[completed]
144	1	Request of the Ketra Orc (Darkness has closed in on the energy of fire. Once preparations are complete, enter Pailaka!)
144	2	Pailaka's Orcs (Find the Ketra Orcs inside Pailaka.)
144	3	Latana, the Dragon of Fire (You must enhance the Spear of Silenos in order to defeat Latana, the Dragon of Fire. Enhance the Spear of Silenos and defeat Latana!)
144	4	The Returned Power of Fire (After Latana's defeat, the Ketra Orc Supporter appeared. Have a talk with him\m)
144	-1	[completed]
146	1	Kill Stakato Queen! (Mercenary Kahman says now is the time conclude the long-lasting battle with Stakato Nest. His plan was to kill the Queens of Stakato who commands the Stakatos. Kill Queen Shyeed and take her Fangs in the Stakato Nest for proof.    To hunt for - Spike Stakato Queen Shyeed)
146	2	Go back to Kahman (Spike Stakato Queen Shyeed has been defeated.  Return to the mercenary Kahman.)
146	-1	[completed]
147	1	Becoming an Elite Mercenary (The Mercenary Captain has asked you to demonstrate your worth in order to become an elite mercenary. You must participate in a territory battle, kill 10 enemies, and destroy the territory catapult.)
147	2	Attack the Territory Catapult. (All enemies are killed, but the enemy's catapult is still needs to be destroyed.)
147	3	Kill all enemies (The enemy's catapult has been destroyed, but the war will continue as long as there are enemies remaining. Kill all enemies.)
147	4	To Mercenary Captain (All tasks that the Mercenary Captain has asked for have been accomplished. You should go see him and prove to him that you're fully capable of being an elite mercenary.)
147	-1	[completed]
148	1	Becoming an Exalted Mercenary (The Mercenary Captain asked you to demonstrate your worth to become an Exalted Mercenary.  Participate in a territory battle, kill 30 enemies, and destroy the enemy's territory catapult twice to win the Mercenary Captain's approval.)
148	2	Attack the Territory Catapult. (All enemies are dead, but the enemy's territory catapult is still left to be destroyed.)
148	3	Kill all enemies (The enemy's territory catapult has been destroyed, but the war will continue as long as there are enemies remaining. Kill all enemies.)
148	4	To Mercenary Captain (All tasks that the Mercenary Captain has requested have been accomplished. You should go see him and prove to him that you're fully capable of being an Exalted Mercenary.)
148	-1	[completed]
149	1	Decisive Battle against Istina (Go to the Seed of Annihilation and bring evidence that you defeated Istina.)
149	2	Fallen Istina (You have succeeded in defeating Istina. Take this evidence and return to Officer Rumiese!)
149	-1	[completed]
150	1	Extreme Battle against Istina (Go to the Seed of Annihilation and bring evidence that you defeated Istina.)
150	2	Fallen Istina (You have succeeded in defeating Istina. Take this evidence and return to Officer Rumiese!)
150	-1	[completed]
151	1	Spider's Poison Sac (Elias, a Master at the School of Wizardry, has been gathering herbs in the northern woods with some students. The students have fallen ill, and Priest Yohanes has been asked to create a remedy. He needs the poison sacs of many spiders, and you are asked to bring them to him.)
151	2	Creation of the Cure for the Fever (You have obtained the poison sacs of giant spiders. Take them immediately to Priest Yohanes and ask him to make the medicine!)
151	3	Treatment of the Fever (Priest Yohanes made fever medicine with the poison sacs you collected for him. Take the medicine for the students of the School of Wizardry to Master Elias immediately!)
151	-1	[completed]
152	1	New Tools (A few days ago the roof of the temple was wrecked by a storm. Magister Harrys has asked Blacksmith Altran for tools with which to repair the roof. He asks you to pick up the tools from Blacksmith Altran.)
152	2	Stone Hammer (Blacksmith Altran asks you to obtain shards of golem for him so he can make a new hammer.)
152	3	Return to Blacksmith Altran (You have obtained five shards of golem. Take them to Blacksmith Altran and ask him to make a hammer for you.)
152	4	Delivery of a Tool Box (Blacksmith Altran asks you to deliver the hammer and a tool box containing other tools to Magister Harrys.)
152	-1	[completed]
153	1	Deliver Goods (A while ago, a few trading ships were wrecked because of the storm.  Guard Arnold who went for recollection of goods requested that some of the items must be delivered. Heavy wooden box goes to the Merchant Jackson in Weapon Shop,  fabrics go to Merchant Silvia in General Merchant Shop,  and clay pot goes to Warehouse Keeper Lant.)
153	2	Delivery Report (You have delivered the salvaged goods. Report to Guard Arnold.)
153	-1	[completed]
154	1	Ritual for Shilen (In order to calm the violent storms that have battered the island, Lighthouse Keeper Rockswell is planning a ritual sacrifice to the goddess Shilen. The original ritual calls for a live maiden, but he decides to offer a doll instead. To make the hair of the doll, he needs fox fur. Hunt keltirs around the village and take 10 units of fox fur to Cristel in the village.)
154	2	Doll's Hair (You have obtained 10 units of fox fur. Take them to Cristel.)
154	3	Completed Doll (The fox fur yarn for the doll's hair has been spun. Take it to Warehouse Keeper Rolfe.)
154	4	Offerings for a Ritual (Warehouse Keeper Rolfe has made the doll and attached its hair. Take the finished doll to Lighthouse Keeper Rockswell.)
154	-1	[completed]
155	1	Find Sir Windawood (Guard Abellos tells you that an urgent message has arrived from Gludio Castle for Sir Collin Windawood, the Consul of Talking Island. He asks you to deliver the message to the Consul near the Obelisk of Victory.)
155	-1	[completed]
156	1	Whereabouts of the Lost Lover (Lilith has pined for her lost love for over a thousand years in the temple of Talking Island. She lost her lover, Theon, in the war against Beleth. Because his body was never recovered, she has never accepted his death. She asks you to look for him on your way to Gludio.)
156	2	Lover's Diary (Master Baenedes bears a  remarkable resemblance to Theon. He was one of his best students, and learned to use both the sword and bow from him. Sadly, Theon passed away to be with Eva several years ago. Baenedes asks you to deliver Theon's diary to Lilith.)
156	-1	[completed]
157	1	Toad Hunting (Warehouse Keeper Wilford has been smuggling goods in violation of the embargo enacted after the war with Gracia. Recently, a merchant ship was stranded, spilling adamantine ore all over the shore. Much of the ore was recovered, but giant toads are swallowing what remains of it. Hunt the giant toads and recover the ore.)
157	2	Return to Warehouse Keeper Wilford (You've recovered all the adamantine ore scattered on the shore. Take it to Warehouse Keeper Wilford.)
157	-1	[completed]
158	1	Evil Power (High Priest Biotin had a premonition from his dreams that something wicked is growing within the Elven Ruins. He says that the evil seed looks like a gigantic bat-winged demon. He asks you to destroy it.)
158	2	Return to High Priest Biotin (You have slain Nerkas, the evil seed, and obtained the clay tablet. Take it to High Priest Biotin at the temple in the village.)
158	-1	[completed]
159	1	In Search of the Source of Pollution (Elven Hierarch Asterios is concerned that the Mother Tree of the village is being contaminated. He asks you to visit its water source, the lake north of the village. Destroy the cause of the contamination, the plague zombies.)
159	2	Suspicious Corpse (You've obtained plague dust from a suspicious looking zombie. Could this be what Hierarch Asterios was talking about? Take it to him.)
159	3	Ingredients for Purification Magic (It was a plague zombie, the spirit of a person who died from the plague. The dust from the zombie's flesh has been the cause of the contamination. A large amount of the dust is needed to perform a purification ritual. Hunt the plague zombies.)
159	4	Return to Hierarch Asterios (You've obtained enough plague dust for the purification ritual. Deliver it to Hierarch Asterios.)
159	-1	[completed]
160	1	Delivery of Goods (Trader Unoren asked Nerupa to collect silvery spidersilks for him. Nerupa doesn't want to enter the village and asks you to deliver the silvery spidersilks to Trader Unoren in the weapons shop and bring back a nightshade leaf.)
160	2	Nightshade Leaf (Nightshade leaves are very rare. Fortunately, Trader Creamees of the magic shop has obtained a few of them. Go see him with Unoren's receipt.)
160	3	Go to the Warehouse (Since nightshade leaf is so rare it has been stored in the warehouse. Take Creamees' ticket to Warehouse Keeper Julia.)
160	4	Goods to be Delivered to Nerupa (You've obtained the nightshade leaf that Creamees stored in the warehouse. Deliver it to Nerupa.)
160	-1	[completed]
161	1	Fruit of the Mother Tree (Andellia and her sisters care for the Mother Trees. You received a letter informing you that the Mother Tree near Iris Lake, maintained by their younger sister Thalia, has borne fruit. Since Andellia and her sisters cannot leave the Mother Trees untended, they ask you to visit Thalia and bring back the fruit of the Mother Tree.)
161	2	The One and Only Fruit (Thalia gives you the fruit of the Mother Tree that was harvested some time ago. This was the only fruit she harvested this year. She asks you to carefully take it to her sister Andellia.)
161	-1	[completed]
162	1	The Way to Undo a Curse (Trader Unoren explains that the undead creatures in the Underground Fortress are soldiers resurrected by a curse. He wants to quiet the vengeful spirits and free the souls of his comrades. He asks that you bring him bone fragments of undead monsters and skulls of Elves. Hunt dungeon skeleton soldiers, dungeon skeleton archers, dread soldiers, dark terrors and mist terrors.)
162	2	Return to Trader Unoren (You've collected all the skulls and bone pieces needed to break the curse. Return to the Elven Village and give them to Trader Unoren.)
162	-1	[completed]
163	1	Legacy of a Friend (Sentinel Starden is a veteran of the battle of the Underground Fortress. Rumiel the poet, a longtime friend and fellow soldier, died in battle and his poems were lost within the fortress. Starden asks you to find his old friend's works somewhere in the Underground Fortress. Hunt Baraq Orc fighters and Baraq Orc warrior leaders.)
163	2	Return to Sentinel Starden (You've recovered all four poems written by Rumiel the poet. Take them to Sentinel Starden.)
163	-1	[completed]
164	1	Creamees' Revenge (Trader Creamees' friends and family were all killed by the dark side. Kirunak, the leader of the dark side, still lurks within the Underground Fortress. Creamees asks you to seek revenge upon Kirunak.)
164	2	Who summoned Kirunak? (With his dying breath, Kirunak tells you that his contract with Trader Creamees has been fulfilled. Wasn't it a Dark Elf who originally summoned Kirunak? Return to Creamees and find out what happened.)
164	-1	[completed]
165	1	Shilen's Hunt (Shilen's Hunt will soon be held in the Dark Elf Village. Wild game will be hunted and offered as an sacrifice. The hunter who obtains 13 dark bezoars will receive a reward given by the Abyssal Celebrants. Hunt keltirs and wolves, obtain 13 dark bezoars and take them to Sentry Nelsya. Hunt young brown keltirs, brown keltirs, ashen wolves and elder brown keltirs.)
165	2	Best Hunter Award (You've collected all 13 dark bezoars. Take them to Sentry Nelsya immediately and claim your prize and the honor of being this year's best hunter.)
165	-1	[completed]
166	1	Items Needed for the Mass of Darkness (Abyssal Celebrant Undrias is busily preparing for the ceremony of Shilen and Gran Kain. He asks you to go to the village and obtain several items that he will need for the Mass of Darkness. He asks for the following: a ceremonial dagger from Trader Iria in the Weapons Shop, wine from Warehouse Keeper Dorankus, and Garmiel's scripture from Master Trudy of the Elder Council.)
166	2	Return to Abyssal Celebrant Undrias (You've obtained the ceremonial dagger, the  wine and Garmiel's scripture that are needed for the Mass. Take them to Abyssal Celebrant Undrias.)
166	-1	[completed]
167	1	Letter of Greetings? (The Dwarven Warehouse Keeper Carlon misses his friends and asks you to deliver a letter to Warehouse Keeper Haprock in the Town of Gludio.)
167	2	Letter of Greetings? Really? (Haprock thanks you for delivering the letter to him. He asks you to deliver a letter to Warehouse Keeper Norman in Gludin Village. The letter is supposed to be from Norman's wife, longing for him in his hometown... Do you believe him...?)
167	-1	[completed]
168	1	New Weapon (Sentry Jenna says that according to Tetrarch Kaitar's prophecy, the Dark Forest will soon be invaded by outside forces. To prepare for the attack, all Sentries are optimizing their weapons. Master Harant has promised to provide them with new weapons, and they ask you to fetch them.)
168	2	Three Swords (Master Harant has given you three sentry blades onto which he has bestowed magic power. He asks you to deliver them to Sentry Jenna.)
168	3	Delivery of a Sword (Sentry Jenna asks you to immediately deliver the completed swords to her sisters. Deliver the swords to Sentry Roselyn and Sentry Kristin, collect the old bronze swords that they have been using and bring them back.)
168	4	Worn Out Old Bronze Sword (You have delivered all the swords. Take the bronze swords to Sentry Jenna.)
168	-1	[completed]
169	1	True Nature of Dark Horrors (Magister Vlasty is researching the dark horror, an undead monster. He needs unbroken skulls for the research, and asks you to hunt dark horrors and bring the skulls back to him. Dark horrors are found in the swamps southwest of the village. Even broken skulls will fetch you some adena.)
169	2	Return to Magister Vlasty (You have obtained intact skulls of dark horrors. Take them to Magister Vlasty for a reward. He also pays for broken skulls, but not as much.)
169	-1	[completed]
170	1	Chasing a Dream-Catching Succubus (Dark Elven Tetrarch Vellior cannot sleep because of the terrible nightmares caused by a succubus. You're asked to kill Merkenis at the School of Dark Arts.)
170	2	Nightmare Crystal (Merkenis's dying words were about Lich King Icarus. Who is he? What was the source of Tetrarch Vellior's torment? Take the nightmare crystal to the Tetrarch and make a report.)
170	-1	[completed]
171	1	Stolen Cargo (A cargo wagon transporting goods to the Dark Forest was ambushed by Turek Orcs. Guard Alvah requests that you recover the stolen cargo. You should first speak with Trader Arodin at the weapons shop in Gludin Village.)
171	2	Recovery of the Stolen Cargo (This quest involves recovering a cargo of sword molds stolen by Turek Orcs. Recover 20 of them and take them to the Dark Elven trader named Tyra. She can be found in the west, near the Altar of Rites. Monsters to be hunted - Turek Orc Footmen, Turek Orc Suppliers, Turek Orc Skirmishers, and Turek Orc Archers.)
171	3	Tyra's Bill (You have recovered the stolen cargo and delivered it to Tyra. Take the letter she gave to  Trader Arodin in Gludin Village.)
171	4	Arodin's Request Has Been Fulfilled (You have fulfilled Trader Arodin's request. Now report back to Guard Alvah.)
171	5	Find the Missing Patrolman! (A patrolman assigned to conduct surveillance on the Ol Mahums has gone missing. He was last seen by Guard Alvah, hiding from pursuing Ol Mahums in the Ruins of Agony. You are asked to investigate. Begin by confronting the tumran bugbears that are found there.)
171	6	Proof Regarding Suspicious Activities (It is becoming obvious that the Ol Mahums and Dwarven traders have formed an alliance. Until definite proof is found of this, however, it cannot be brought before the Dwarven guild. Go and get evidence of this unholy alliance from the Ol Mahum generals in the Abandoned Camp.)
171	7	Who's Pulling the Strings? (The document you secured from the Ol Mahums must be evidence of their agreement with the Dwarves. You must determine the true identity of the Dwarf who signed this paper. Neti in Gludin Village may have some information for you.)
171	8	Identity of the Betrayer (Now we know that the Dwarven trader Rolento was the one who signed the weapons trade agreement with the Ol Mahums. Go and find him at the south entrance of the Wastelands.)
171	9	Information about the Invasion Plan (Rolento explains that if you will deliver some cargo to the Turek Orcs on his behalf, you may be able to obtain their invasion plans. Take the cargo and the Dwarven guild mark to Turek Chief Burai in the Orc barracks.)
171	10	Punishment of Ol Mahums (Turek Chief Burai is enraged to learn of the Ol Mahums' deception. He offers to cancel the invasion of Gludin Village if you will join him and his forces in the destruction of the Ol Mahums. Kill 30 Ol Mahum captains and take their heads to Turek Chief Burai.)
171	11	Fight between Orcs and Ol Mahums (The Orc invasion of Gludin Village has been averted. Report to Guard Alvah.)
171	-1	[completed]
172	1	Advice of Zenya (Vice Hierarch Zenya thinks it would be a good idea to visit Giran, a town famous for its cosmopolitan make up, to experience more of the world. For travel information to Giran, talk to the town's gatekeeper, Ragara.)
172	-1	[completed]
173	1	A Favor for Galladucci (In order to safely return to the Isle of Souls, you must complete a favor for Trader Galladucci. Go to Magic Trader Gentler's Magic Shop and pick up the item Galladucci ordered.)
173	2	Delivering the Item (You have obtained the item Galladucci ordered from Magic Trader Gentler. Now hurry and deliver it to Galladucci.)
173	-1	[completed]
174	1	Warehouse Manifest (Help Marcela, who oversees the supply of the advance force stationed outside the island, collect supply reports from each shop. Go to the Warehouse first.)
174	2	Warehouse Manifest Acquired (You have obtained the Warehouse Manifest. Return to Marcela.)
174	3	Grocery Store Manifest (Go to the Grocery Store next.)
174	4	Grocery Store Manifest Acquired (You have obtained the Grocery Store Manifest. Return to Marcela.)
174	5	Weapons Shop Manifest (Go to the Weapons Shop.)
174	6	Weapons Shop Manifest Acquired (You have obtained the Weapons Shop Manifest. Return to Marcela.)
174	7	Current Supply Report (Submit Marcela's Report to Vice Hierarch Casca.)
174	8	Vice Hierarch Subordinates (The report has been delivered safely to Vice Hierarch Casca. Casca has complemented Marcela's work. Return to Marcela.)
174	-1	[completed]
175	1	Preparation for a Ritual (Kekropus asks you to visit Perwan and finish preparations for a Ritual. Go to Perwan.)
175	2	Preparation (Perwan requires 5 Wolf Tails from the Hills of Gold for the ritual.   Monster to Hunt - Mountain Werewolf.)
175	3	Return to Perwan (You have obtained all the Wolf Tails.  Return to Perwan.)
175	4	Go to Kekropus (Perwan asks you to go to Kekropus and listen to what is mentioned during the preparations for the rite. Go to Kekropus.)
175	5	Return to Perwan (Kekropus says that all of the complicated preparations are to make hunting safer. Everything should be ready by now. Return to Perwan.)
175	6	Return to Kekropus (Work is done. Go meet the Hierarch Kekropus.)
175	7	Go and get the Muertos (Kekropus wants you to hunt down the Muertos in the Hills of Gold and bring back 10 of their claws, to prove the strength and bravery of warriors.     Monsters to be hunted - Muertos Archers, Muertos Guards, Muertos Scouts, Muertos Warriors, Muertos Guard Captain, Muertos Lieutenant, and the Muertos Warrior Commander.)
175	8	Return to Kekropus (You have collected the 10 Muertos Claws that Kekropus asked for. You should return to Kekropus.)
175	-1	[completed]
176	1	First test (Kill 9 enemies who participate in a territory battle.  (You have to kill any player above level 61.))
176	2	Completion of the First Test (You have killed all 9 enemies at the territory battle. Let's return to Rapidus and report this after the territory battle is finished.)
176	3	Second Test (Kill 18 enemies who participate in a territory battle.  (You have to kill any player above level 61.))
176	4	Completion of the Second Test (You have killed all 18 enemies at the territory battle. Let's return to Rapidus and report this after the territory battle is finished.)
176	5	Third Test (Kill 27 enemies who participate in a territory battle.  (You have to kill any player above level 61.))
176	6	Completion of the Third Test (You have killed all 27 enemies at the territory battle. Let's return to Rapidus and report this after the territory battle is finished.)
176	7	Fourth Test (Kill 36 enemies who participate in a territory battle.  (You have to kill any player above level 61.))
176	8	Completion of the Fourth Test (You have killed all 36 enemies at the territory battle. Let's return to Rapidus and report this after the territory battle is finished.)
176	-1	[completed]
177	1	The Petrified Hand (The Petrified hand of Hermuncus can be found on one of the creatures inhabiting the Forest of the Dead. Defeat these creatures and find the one who has his hand. Monsters to hunt: Vampiric Berise)
177	2	Broken Giant's Hand (You found one piece of the Giant's Petrified Hand. Maybe more of these creatures have the rest of it. Look around the Forest of the Dead. Monsters to hunt: Vampiric Berise)
177	3	Broken Giant's Hand Collected (After collecting all the pieces of Hermuncus' hand you were hoping for some magic to happen and the bits of hand would reassemble but they didn't. Better go speak with Hadel at the Ruins of Ye Sagira and break the news.)
177	4	The Petrified Foot (Again you set out on your limb hunt in search of the petrified foot of Hermuncus. You can only guess that your search in the Isle of Prayer will be similar to the hand. Hopefully the foot will be in one piece. Monsters to hunt: Island Guardian, White Sand Mirage, Muddy Coral, and Crinaeae)
177	5	A toe or pebble? (It's probably just a pebble or maybe the pinky toe. Upon further inspection it is most definitely a petrified pinky toe. Looks like you are on the hunt for the remaining pieces. Monsters to hunt: Island Guardian, White Sand Mirage, Muddy Coral, and Crinaeae)
177	6	Foot Problems (Again you have all the pieces of Hermuncus Foot and again nothing happens once all the pieces are together. Speak with Hadel... he probably isn't going to like this.)
177	7	Give the Man a Hand (Hadel says Maestro Ishuma might be able to work his magic and reassemble the petrified Foot and Hand to their pre-dismembered state. Go to the Wharf of Gludio Airships.)
177	8	Limb Claim (You don't know what Ishuma would have charged to reassemble the limbs of an ancient extinct race and you don't want to know. Fortunately Hadel is calling in a favor and it isn't going to cost you an Adena. Speak with him to claim the Foot and Hand of Hermuncus.)
177	9	Back to Hadel (Hooray! You have the feet and hands of Hermuncus and they are as good as new well, close enough. Hopefully this will work for Hadel. Only one way to find out. Speak with Hadel at the Ruins of Ye Sagira.)
177	-1	[completed]
178	1	To the Icon of the Past (Kekropus wants you to find out the truth. To do this, you will have to seek the Icon of the Past and communicate. The Icon of the Past can be found in Nornil's Cave. The communication code is CRTR.)
178	2	To the Icon of the Present (Seek the wisdom of the Icon of the Present if you wish to listen to the next story. The communication code for the Icon is CNCL.)
178	3	To the Icon of the Future (Seek the wisdom of the Icon of the of the Future if you wish to listen to the next story. The communication code for the Icon is CHAOS.)
178	4	Return to Kekropus (Return to Kekropus with the truth you have learned. Ask Kekropus about N's words.)
178	-1	[completed]
179	1	Go to N (Kekropus said that, to meet N, you need to defeat the Tiberias deep inside the Nordill's garden, and use the keys of Tiberias to open the main public gate and get in.   There are three doors inside and each door's password is the same as the ones when communicating with N previously.  The previous communication password of the statue of goddess is "CRTR," present password "CNCL," and the future goddess's password is "CHAOS.")
179	-1	[completed]
180	1	Decisive Battle against Baylor (Go to the Crystal Caverns and defeat Baylor to obtain Beleth' Mark. To hunt - Baylor)
180	2	Fallen Monster of the Crystal Prison (You have succeeded in defeating Baylor. Take this mark and return to Priestess Fioren!)
180	-1	[completed]
181	1	New Challenge: Decisive Battle against Balok (Go to the Crystal Caverns and defeat Balok to obtain Beleth' Contract. To hunt - Balok)
181	2	Fallen Devil's Contract (You have succeeded in defeating Balok. Take this contract and return to Priestess Fioren!)
181	-1	[completed]
182	1	Go to N (Kekropus said that you need to help Kamael who is on his way to see N.  He says that N will show his gratitude for you to help him to meet N.)
182	-1	[completed]
183	1	Kusto's Favor (Kusto has sent you to the Cruma Tower, near Dion Castle, to find Lorain and help her.)
183	2	For the Task at Hand (Lorain has had a falling out with Maestro Nikola, and they are no longer cooperating. Nonetheless, they must work together in order to finish the exploration. Visit Nikola and persuade him to help.)
183	-1	[completed]
184	1	Contract Completion (You've made a contract with Nikola and received his map.  Show the map to Lorain so that she can identify the places they have not yet explored.)
184	2	Waiting (Lorain needs time to compare Nikola's map to her information. Visit her again in a little a while.)
184	3	To the 2nd Floor of Cruma Tower (Go to the spot Lorain indicated on the 2nd floor of Cruma Tower.  Remember the code 3196 which disables the alarm system.)
184	4	Search Completed (You have the metal plate. Take it to Lorain.)
184	5	Search Completed (You have the broken metal pieces. Take them to Lorain.)
184	-1	[completed]
185	1	Contract Completion (You've made a contract with Nikola to share information.  Return to Lorain.)
185	2	Waiting (Lorain needs time to compare Nikola's map to her information. Visit her again in a little while.)
185	3	To the 2nd Floor of Cruma Tower (Go to the spot Lorain indicated on the 2nd floor of Cruma Tower.  Remember the code 3196 which disables the alarm system.)
185	4	Search Completed (You have the metal plate. Take it to Lorain.)
185	5	Search Completed (You have the broken metal pieces. Take them to Lorain.)
185	-1	[completed]
186	1	Decoding the Metallograph (Lorain needs Nikola's help to decode the metal plate.  Speak with Nikola about the metal plate.)
186	2	Present for Luka (Nickola recommends a Dwarf who can help decode the metal plate, but you'll need to purchase his assistance with a gift.  Collect the accessories worn by Leto Lizardman, and bring them to Luka in Oren Castle.   Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardmen, Leto Lizardman Archers, Leto Lizardman Soldiers, Leto Lizardman Warriors, Leto Lizardman Shaman, Leto Lizardman Overlords)
186	-1	[completed]
187	1	Decoding the Metallograph (Lorain needs Nikola's help to decode the metal plate.  Speak with Nikola about the metal plate.)
187	2	To Kusto (Nikola suggests you seek the help of a dwarf named Kusto.  Visit Kusto for more information.)
187	-1	[completed]
188	1	Repairing the Gold Fragment (Lorain wants to find Nikola to repair the gold plate. Go find Nikola to ask for help.)
188	2	Locksmith Dorothy (Nikola has told you that Locksmith Dorothy in Heine should be able to repair the gold plate. Go find her.)
188	-1	[completed]
189	1	To Lorain (Luka has decoded the metal plate. Take it back to Lorain.)
189	2	Trace of Cruma (The decoded metal plate talks about a creature called the Cruma, and suggests that such a creature may still exist.  Speak to Priest Shegfield in Dion for more information.)
189	3	There is no Cruma (According to Priest Shegfield, it is impossible to find a living Cruma. Go to see Lorain.)
189	4	Contract Completion (Your work here is done. Return to Kusto to complete your contract.)
189	-1	[completed]
190	1	Trace of Cruma (Kusto says the metal plate is a research log containing information about a creature called the Cruma.  Speak with Magister Juris for more information.)
190	2	Lost Clue (Juris says it is no longer possible to find a living Cruma. Tell Kusto about this.)
190	3	To Lorain (Exploration in Cruma has been halted. Bring the news to Lorain.)
190	4	Gesture of Reconciliation (Lorain asks you to take the news to Nikola. Will they be able to reconcile now?)
190	5	The Last Step (Nikola believes that he and Lorain can reconcile at last. Your work here is done. Return to Kusto for your reward.)
190	-1	[completed]
191	1	To Lorain (The gold plate you left with Dorothy has been repaired. Take it to Lorain.)
191	2	Trace of Cruma (The repaired gold plate talks about a creature called the Cruma, and suggests that such a creature may still exist.  Speak to Priest Shegfield in Dion for more information.)
191	3	There is no Cruma (According to Priest Shegfield, it is impossible to find a living Cruma. Go find Lorain.)
191	4	End of the Contract (The job is done. Go find Kusto to complete your contract.)
191	-1	[completed]
192	1	Croop's request (Warehouse Chief Croop has asked to find his cousin Jacob. Talk to him some more to hear more about the details.)
192	2	More Concerns (Croop conveys to you his concerns over the recent deaths of several Dwarven Contractors.  Speak to Croop again to hear more.)
192	3	Alleged Criminal (Croop suggests that you go talk to Guard Hector, who is rumored to be the only person to have ever seen the criminal. Find the guard and ask him what he knows.)
192	4	Source of the Rumors (Guard Hector told you that the person who actually saw the criminal is his friend, Guard Stan, who guards Oren's South Gate. Find him and see what he knows.)
192	5	Scene of the Crime (Guard Stan told you that he saw the something strange on the Eastern side of Oren. Go and investigate the scene to see if you can uncover any clues.)
192	6	A Grim Discovery (You have found Contractor Jacob's corpse. Take the keepsake necklace from the corpse and go back to Warehouse Chief Croop in the Town of Oren.)
192	7	The Memorial Service (Croop has asked that you locate High Priest Hollint in Oren's Einhasad Temple and ask him to hold a memorial service for Jacob. Make these arrangements posthaste.)
192	-1	[completed]
193	1	Priest Cain (High Priest Hollint informed me that Priest Cain is in charge of the memorial services. Go find Priest Cain in front of the memorial service's altar near the lake located in the Northern part of the town of Oren.)
193	2	Herb Collector Eric (Get the Deadman's Herb needed for the memorial service from Herb Collector Eric in the Enchanted Valley.)
193	3	Deadman's Herb (Return to Priest Cain with the Deadman's Herb given by Herb Collector Eric.)
193	4	Jacob's Memorial Service (Priest Cain completed the memorial service using Jacob's relics. Talk to Priest Cain again.)
193	5	Stranger's Attack (You defeated the unknown creature that suddenly appeared. Talk to Priest Cain again.)
193	6	Seven Signs and the Dawn (You agreed to help the Dawn investigate the Seven Signs. As per Cain's advice, go and meet Sir Gustav Athebaldt, the man is in charge of the Dawn's soldiers in the town of Oren.)
193	-1	[completed]
194	1	Lords of Dawn (You've agreed to work with the Lords of Dawn. Speak to Sir Athebaldt in order to hear more.)
194	2	Beginning of the Seven Signs (You have heard about the Seven Signs and Emperor Shunaiman from Sir Athebaldt. To hear more about the story, continue talking to Sir Athebaldt.)
194	3	Secret Agent Colin (Secret Agent Colin has been recommended by Sir Athebaldt, he might prove useful in order to find the Emperor's contract. Go find him near the Southern entrance of the town of Aden)
194	4	Frog transformation training (Use the "Frog Jump" skill to approach the Frog King near the Forest of Mirror and get the Frog King's Bead before the transformation time is over.)
194	5	Acquiring the Frog King's Bead (You acquired the Frog King's Bead from the Frog King. Bring the Bead to Secret Agent Colin near the Southern entrance of the town of Aden.)
194	6	1st Training Round Success (You transformed into a frog and were able to retrieve the Frog King's Bead. After preparing for the next training, talk to Colin again.)
194	7	Young Child Transformation Training (Use the "Race Running" skill to approach Grandma Tess near the Narsell Lake and get a candy before the child transformation time is over.)
194	8	Grandma's candy acquired (You have acquired some candy from Grandma Tess. Bring it to Secret Agent Colin near the Southern entrance of the town of Aden.)
194	9	2nd Training Round Success (You have succeeded in transforming into a child and managing to procure some candy as a proof. Once you're ready for the 3rd training, speak to Colin again.)
194	10	Native transformation training (Use the "Swift Dash" skill to approach Native Kuta near the Narsell Lake and obtain a Native's Gloves before the Native Transformation time is over.)
194	11	Native's gloves acquired (You have acquired the gloves from Native Kuta. Quickly return to Secret Agent Colin near the Southern entrance of the town of Aden before Kuta notices.)
194	12	Lady Claudia (Go and see Gustav Athebaldt's wife, Lady Claudia, in the Northern part of the town of Aden to get your reward.)
194	-1	[completed]
195	1	A Guard Identification Card (Before transforming into a guard and infiltrating the Secret Oracle, you need to obtain a guard ID card from Captain John in the town of Gludio.)
195	2	Identity Card Acquisition (You obtained the Identity Card. To transform into a guard, you must see High Priest Raymond at the Einhasad's temple in the town of Gludio.)
195	3	Sanctum of Dawn (You have been transformed. Now hurry to the Light of Dawn Teleporter at the entrance of the Oracle and infiltrate the Sanctum, then return to High Priest Raymond with the contract between the Merchants and the Emperor.)
195	4	Deliver the contract (Go and meet Iason Heine in Heine and show him the contract between Mammon and Emperor Shunaiman.)
195	-1	[completed]
196	1	Contract details (Keep talking to Iason Heine, who tries to interpret the content of the contract between Mammon and Emperor Shunaiman.)
196	2	Merchant of Mammon (You have heard about the promise between Mammon and the Emperor from a merchant of Mammon. Keep talking to Heine.)
196	3	Promise of Mammon (Go to find the Promise of Mammon at the entrance of Disciple's Necropolis as Mammon's merchant said.)
196	4	Emperor's Seal Device (Emperor Shunaiman asked you to activate the Sealing device. Activate the Sealing device and acquire all four Seal of Bindings, then return to Emperor Shunaiman.)
196	5	Clues for the Sacred Book (Emperor Shunaiman unveiled clues to find the Sacred Book of Seal. Return to Iason Heine and report back.)
196	6	Witness of Dawn (In order to meet the Witness of Dawn Franz, the clue for the Book of Seal, go meet the Priest Wood in Einhasad's temple in the town of Aden.)
196	-1	[completed]
197	1	Emperor's Key (Meet High Priest Orven at the Einhasad Temple in the town of Aden and find out about the Prayer called the Emperor's Key. Then try to find the Sacred Book of Seal.)
197	2	Hidden Meaning (Go see Password Decoder Leopard in the town of Goddard who is going to decipher the hidden meaning of the prayer.)
197	3	Great Master (Password Decoder Leopard told you about Great Master Lawrence. Go to see Lawrence, who is outside of Goddard Castle.)
197	4	The Stranger Strikes Again (The criminal has attacked again.  You defeated the stranger, so go and speak with Great Master Lawrence again.)
197	5	Library of Sages (The password has been decoded by Great Master Lawrence. Now go to see Sophia, the director of the Library of Sages in the Town of Rune, and find the Sacred Book of Seal.)
197	6	Mysterious Hand-written Text (You have obtained a mysterious document presumed to be the hand-written text for the Sacred Book of Seal. Go back to Priest Wood again at Einhasad's temple in the town of Aden.)
197	-1	[completed]
198	1	Witness of Dawn (Start by talking to Priest Wood then move to the secret hideout where the Witness of the Dawn Franz is.)
198	2	And the Strangers Strike Again (You defeated all the unknown strangers. Talk to Franz, the Witness of Dawn, again.)
198	3	The Future Plan (Listen to Franz' plans, then go outside through Priestess Zaina, and meet Priest Wood again.)
198	-1	[completed]
210	1	To Bella (Pet Manager Lundy of the Town of Gludio says you must know about wolf pets in order to get one. Find Gatekeeper Bella to ask about wolf pets.)
210	2	To Brynn (Bella has given you sage advice on pets and wolves. Hear what Brynn the Guard has to say.)
210	3	To Sydnia (Brynn has given you helpful information about animals. Find Weapon Merchant Sydnia to hear her take.)
210	4	To Lundy (You have heard words of wisdom regarding wolves from Sydnia. Return now to Pet Manager Lundy of the Town of Gludio.)
210	-1	[completed]
211	1	Cave of the Shyslassys (Kash says that anyone who wants to get the mark of challenger should enter the cave behind the Undine Waterfall in the northern part of the Neutral Zone, destroy Shyslassys and retrieve an old parchment.  Monster to Hunt - The Shyslassys)
211	2	Return to Kash (You've defeated Shyslassys and retrieved the parchment. Take it to Kash.)
211	3	In search of Martien (Kash tells you to get the mark of challenger from Martien in Giran Castle Town.)
211	4	Defeat Gorr (Martien says that he will give you the mark of challenger if you defeat an evil spirit known as Gorr that haunts the area around Floran Village.)
211	5	Return to Martien (You defeated Gorr and taken the mark of the watcher's eye. Now return to Martien for the mark of challenger.)
211	6	Defeat Baraham (Gorr's defeat has not made the people of Floran Village any safer. They're now threatened by another evil creature. Find and destroy Baraham in the caves near Gorr's lair. Monster to Hunt -  Baraham)
211	7	Raldo (You've defeated Baraham. Who is this mysterious stranger?)
211	8	The Final Magic Force Field (Champion Raldo warns of an evil that will be resurrected unless a magic force field remains protected. Speak with Filaur of the Gray Pillar in the Dwarven Village and ask him where the last magic force field was known to exist.)
211	9	Protect the Magic Force Field (Gray Pillar Member Filaur of the Dwarven Village has informed you that he has investigated the Abandoned Coal Mines that has recently been emitting an evil energy, and he has discovered the Queen of the Succubus. Is this Succubus Queen the mastermind behind all the conspirators? Go to the Abandoned Coal Mines, the source of the evil energy that can break the fantasy! Monster to hunt - Succubus Queen)
211	10	Raldo's Reappearance (At the death of the Succubus Queen, Raldo reappears. Speak with him.)
211	-1	[completed]
212	1	Finding Sir Aron Tanford (Sometimes, being a mere Knight just isn't enough. Knights who wish to advance should find Sir Aron Tanford south of the Wastelands and undergo the Trial of Duty.)
212	2	Spirit of Sir Herod (A true Knight must always seek to restore honor when possible. Sir Herod, after betraying his troops and dying in disgrace, has been resurrected as an evil spirit. Kill the undead skeletons that haunt the Wastelands and you'll meet him. You must destroy him with the old knight sword in order to restore his honor. Return to Sir Aron Tanford when you've finished off Sir Herod. Monsters to be hunted - Skeleton Marauder, Skeleton Raider and Ghost of Sir Herod)
212	3	Return to Sir Aron Tanford (You've obtained the tears of a Knight. Deliver them to Sir Aron Tanford.)
212	4	Toward the Second Trial (Unfortunately, Sir Herod was beyond redemption. That can't be helped now. Speak with Sir Kiel Nighthawk in the Dark Elf Guild of the Town of Dion to receive your second mission.)
212	5	Report of Sir Talianus (There's been a vicious massacre in Dion! Sir Talianus's report  for the King was ripped up and his soldiers have become undead! Obtain the torn pieces of the report from the undead in the Dion Execution Grounds and restore the report of Sir Talianus. Monsters to be hunted - Strains, Ghouls)
212	6	To Sir Kiel Nighthawk (You've restored the report of Sir Talianus. Now take it to Sir Kiel Nighthawk in the Town of Dion.)
212	7	Eternal Return for Sir Talianus (Take this report, find the spirit of Sir Talianus and promise to submit to the King on his behalf. This will allow his spirit to at last rest in peace. Meet the spirit of Sir Talianus by destroying the hangman tree that suppresses his soul. Monster to Hunt -  Hangman Tree)
212	8	Meeting with Sir Talianus (The seal that suppressed Sir Talianus has been broken. Speak with his ghost.)
212	9	Huge Atonement (Sir Talianus asks you to deliver his report to the King. His spirit can't rest in peace until his sins are redeemed and justice is restored to the land of Dion. Return to Sir Kiel Nighthawk and tell him what you've learned.)
212	10	A Knight in Hunters Village (Sir Kiel offers to investigate the matters regarding Sir Talianus. He tells you go to Hunters Village and meet with Sir Isael Silvershadow to receive your next orders.)
212	11	Militia's Articles (Isael Silvershadow asks you to bring back the belongings of a militia who died defending the territory. Destroy the Leto Lizardmen on the Plains of the Lizardmen and collect 20 militias articles.)
212	12	Return to Isael (Take the 20 militia's articles you've collected to Isael.)
212	13	Toward  Giran Castle Town (At last, the families of the brave soldiers can say goodbye to their loved ones. Grand Master Hannavalt sends word to Isael asking him to send you to Priest Dustin in Giran Castle Town one more time.)
212	14	The Bones of  Leon Athebaldt (Priest Dustin tells you the story of Leon Athebaldt, the protector of the will of Einhasad. He asks that you kill the Breka Orc Overlord and retrieve Sir Athebaldt's bones from around his neck. Find the Overlord in the Breka Stronghold. Monster to Hunt -  Breka Orc Overlord)
212	15	Return to Dustin (You've retrieved the bones of Sir Leon Athebaldt. Now return to Priest Dustin.)
212	16	In Search of Sir Collin Windawood (When you return with the bones of Leon Athebaldt, Dustin asked you to take them to Sir Collin Windawood, Leon's uncle.  He's an archon on Talking Island.)
212	17	Return to Priest Dustin Again (Sir Collin Windawood asks you to deliver his letter of gratitude to Priest Dustin.)
212	18	Return to Hannavalt (Priest Dustin thanks you and gives you a letter describing your efforts. Take it to Grand Master Hannavalt.)
212	-1	[completed]
213	1	Formerly Known as Hawkeye (Mutant evil spirits threaten the kingdom. The guild has decided to begin a secret investigation into their activities. Only Seekers can accomplish this task. You must find someone to help you. The letter describes that person.)
213	2	Mutant Evil Spirits in the Execution Grounds (Master Terry is concerned about the increasing number of mutants in the area and asks you to hunt the neer ghoul berserker on the Execution Grounds near the village. Monster to Hunt -  Neer Ghoul Berserker)
213	3	Mysterious Spirit Ore (A suspicious stone has been retrieved from the Neer Ghoul Berserkers. Take it to Master Terry in the Town of Dion.)
213	4	Hunt the Mutants (After examining the Spirit Ore, Terry asks you to investigate the mutants while he continues his work. Monsters to be hunted - Fortress of Resistance: Ol Mahum Captains Orc Barracks: Turek Orc Warlords Wastelands or Ant Nest: Ant Captains Gorgon Flower Garden: Turak Bugbear Warriors)
213	5	Return to Terry (You've retrieved the Spirit Ore from the mutants. Now return to Master Terry in the Town of Dion.)
213	6	Finding Victor the Clairvoyant (Master Terry asks you to deliver the Spirit Ore to Victor in Hunters Village and advises that you tell him Master Terry's full name if he seems unfamiliar with him. Remember this!)
213	7	Terry's Real Name (You got it wrong! What is Master Terry's full name? Go ask him again!)
213	8	Remember the Name (Master Terry tells you his full name again and asks that you not forget it. His current name is made by combining the second letters of his full name. He wrote the letter again, so take it with you.)
213	9	Medusa's Scales (Victor agrees to investigate if you'll hunt the medusa and bring him 10 of its scales. Monster to Hunt -  Medusa)
213	10	Return to Victor (You've collected 10 scales of medusa. Take them to Trader Victor in Hunters Village and ask him about the Spirit Ore.)
213	11	Magister of the Ivory Tower (Victor explains that the Spirit Ore are associated with Shilen. He asks that you deliver his analysis request letter containing his preliminary research results to Magister Marina in the Ivory Tower.)
213	12	Errand to  Dwarven Village (Magister Marina asks you to get an object from Blacksmith Brunon of Dwarven Village while he performs his analysis.)
213	13	Return to Marina (Bruno gives you a very fragile object to deliver to Marina. Be careful with it.)
213	14	What is the Result of the Analysis? (Marina is depressed to find that the analysis confirms her worst fears. Take her results to Master Terry to find out more.)
213	15	In Search of the Dark Bezoar (The analysis shows that Spirit Ore are being intentionally implanted into the bodies of monsters. Destroy these monsters and retrieve the Spirit Ore. Monsters to be hunted -  Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Stakato Drones Breka's Stronghold: Breka Orc Overlords Wastelands or Ant Nest: Ant Warrior Captains Plains of the Lizardmen: Leto Lizardman Warriors)
213	16	In Search of the Dark Bezoar (The analysis shows that Spirit Ore are being intentionally implanted into the bodies of monsters. Destroy these monsters and retrieve the Abyssal Spirit Ore. Monsters to be hunted -  Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Stakato Drones Breka's Stronghold: Breka Orc Overlords Wastelands or Ant Nest: Ant Warrior Captains Plains of the Lizardmen: Leto Lizardman Warriors)
213	17	Return to Terry (You've removed the abyss Spirit Ore from the monsters. Now take them to Master Terry.)
213	-1	[completed]
214	1	In Search of High Priest Sylvain (To advance your learning, you must pass the Trial of the Scholar. Find the renowned Mystics and do as they say! First, you should seek out High Priest Sylvain in the Town of Dion.)
214	2	Finding Maria (High Priest Sylvain asks that you obtain the crystal of purity from Maria in the village so he can purify the Execution Grounds.)
214	3	The Stolen Scroll (The secret of making crystals of purity has been kept by Maria's family for generations. She tells you that the scroll containing the secret method was stolen a month ago. Find Captain Lucas and ask him what happened.)
214	4	The Unrecovered Scroll (Unfortunately, Maria's scroll has not yet been found. Go and tell her.)
214	5	The Astrologer of Floran Village (Maria agrees with Lucas's suggestion that they seek out a fortune-teller. She asks you to speak with Creta in Floran Village.)
214	6	Searching for Clues (Creta asks you to find clues regarding the robbery. Return to Maria and ask her for clues.)
214	7	A Clue in the Handbag? (It's Lucilla's handbag! She was a friend of Maria's who was there when the robbery happened. It might hold a clue! Take it to Creta.)
214	8	Shadow of the Criminal (Creta see the culprit's shadow in the handbag. Could it be the shadow of a Human?)
214	9	A Very Mysterious Shadow (Maria asks that you show the shadow to Captain Lucas, an expert in such matters.)
214	10	Was It a Lizardman's Shadow? (Captain Lucas isn't sure that the shadow belongs to the thief, but it appears to belong to a Leto Lizardman Warrior!)
214	11	Tracking the Lizardmen! (Maria asks you to track down the Lizardmen and retrieve the stolen scroll. Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardman Warriors)
214	12	A Torn Scroll (You've retrieved the torn scroll from the Leto Lizardmen. Take it to Maria, she'll be able to read it.)
214	13	The Crystal of Purity is Complete! (The crystal of purity is complete! Take it to High Priest Sylvain.)
214	14	Sylvain is Satisfied (High Priest Sylvain wanted you to help Maria make the crystal of purity. Return to Magister Mirien for your next assignment.)
214	15	In Search of Jurek (Mirien says that you must report to Grand Magister Jurek in Giran Castle Town.)
214	16	Who Has the Power? (Jurek asks you to hunt down the evil spirits who have recently gained magical powers, and to bring him what he needs for his investigation. Monsters to be hunted - Wastelands, Plains of Dion: Monster Eye Destroyers Breka's Stronghold: Breka Orc Shaman Watchman's Grave, Ivory Tower Crater: Shackles)
214	17	Return to Jurek (You've collected all the items that Jurek requires. Take them to him in Giran Castle Town.)
214	18	The Trial of Jurek is Complete (Jurek has given you a mark as a token of gratitude, and indicates he is still seeking evidence to prove his suspicions. Return to Mirien.)
214	19	In Search of Elder Cronos (Your last assignment is with Elder Cronos in Hunters Village. Go and find him.)
214	20	In Search of the Scripture of  Knowledge (Elder Cronos asks you what your purpose is in learning magic. When he is convinced of what you say, he tells you of a book called the Scriptures of Knowledge, which he once used. Visit Dieter at the Wizard Guild of Giran Castle to obtain the book.)
214	21	Finding the Astrologer Again (Dieter has lost the Scriptures of Knowledge! Consult Astrologer Creta again.)
214	22	Astrology of  Creta (Creta gives you a letter of explanation and asks you to deliver it to the owner of the key, saying that she sees several shadows there.)
214	23	In Search of Edroc (Dieter suggests that you speak with Edroc, the son of the owners of the inn they were staying in. He may remember something.)
214	24	Warehouse Keeper of the Harbor (Trader Edroc says that there must have been a happening like that and show the letter left by them when they left for Gludin port.   On the envelop, it says Warehouse keeper Raut.)
214	25	The Drunkard's Brother (Raut gives you the first chapter of the scripture and asks you to forgive his brother's youthful indiscretions. Raut says he doesn't know where the other three chapters are, but suggests you ask his brother and tells you where to find him.)
214	26	Finding the Remaining Scriptures of Knowledge (Triff was the lone survivor of a deadly magical attack. They say that he was able to hide some of the scriptures before the evil spirits took the lot of them.. You must journey afar to complete the Scriptures of Knowledge! Town of Giran: Warehouse Keeper Valkon Town of Dion: Blacksmith Poitan Monster to Hunt -  Death Pass: Grandis)
214	27	In Search of the Scriptures of Knowledge (Elder Casian regrets that he cannot understand the contents from only one chapter. You must find the rest of the scriptures! Death Pass: Evil Spirit Grandis Giran Castle Town's Warehouse Keeper Valkon.)
214	28	Casian's Magic Ingredient (Elder Casian asks you for the materials he needs to copy the Scriptures of Knowledge. Monsters to be hunted - Execution Grounds: Ghouls Gorgon Flower Garden: Medusas Death Pass: Fettered Souls Ivory Tower Crater: Enchanted Gargoyles)
214	29	Return to Casian (You've gotten the materials that Elder Casian needs. Take them to him in the Wastelands.)
214	30	An Incomplete Scripture (The Scriptures of Knowledge are not complete without the introduction and the fifth chapter! Elder Casian is regretful, but there is nothing to be done since they have been destroyed. You've retrieved all of that's left of the Scriptures of Knowledge. Return to Elder Cronos.)
214	31	The Truth of the Scripture (Elder Cronos says that the Scriptures of Knowledge are merely one interpretation of the greater Tablet of Maphr, which contains the ultimate secrets of geometry - translated by the giants from the Gods themselves!  He continues to say that the authors had to discontinue their work once it was realized that the dark secrets contained within were too powerful for this world. He is very pleased with you and what you have brought him and gives you something in return. Return to Magister Mirien.)
214	-1	[completed]
215	1	The Teachings of Pa'agrio (The Trial of the Pilgrim requires that you learn the ways of the gods by visiting various priests. You should visit Seer Tanapi in the land of the Orcs first.)
215	2	Ancestor Martankus (Seer Tanapi tells you that in order to truly understand Pa'agrio, the God of Fire, you must meet Ancestor Martankus within the Cave of Trials!)
215	3	Essence of Flame (If you wish to understand the true nature of Pa'agrio, Martankus says you must recover the essence of flame from the Forgotten Temple in Gludin Territory.  Monsters to be hunted - Lava Salamanders)
215	4	Return to Martankus (You've got the essence of flame! Take it to Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials.)
215	5	Seer Tanapi (The essence of flame contains the Soul of Pa'agrio. Should it speak to you, be sure to let Seer Tanapi know of what was said.)
215	6	The Teachings of Maphr (You've felt the flame. Now you must learn Maphr's truth. Speak with Gauri Twinklerock in Dwarven Village.)
215	7	Which is True? (To learn the truth of Maphr, meet with Priest Gerald or Wanderer Dorf.)
215	8	The Teachings of Einhasad (The Teachings of Maphr.  This is like the two sides of a coin. Find Priest Primos in Giran Castle Town to receive the teachings of Einhasad.)
215	9	Journey To Talking Island (Priest Primos in Giran Castle Town says that he doesn't have anything to tell you. He tells you to go see Priest Petron on Talking Island.)
215	10	Kill Nahir (Priest Petron will teach you and give you your assignment if you'll go to the Elven Ruins and destroy the evil spirit known as Nahir. Monster to Hunt -  Nahir)
215	11	Return to Priest Petron (You've killed the evil creature Nahir. Return to Priest Petron on Talking Island.)
215	12	The Teachings of Eva (The truth of Einhasad is that there's as much jealousy and destruction as there is faith and life in this world. Now you must learn the truth of Eva. Speak with Andellia in Elven Village.)
215	13	Defeat the Black Willow (Eva's priest asks you to kill the Black Willows located at the falls in the Neutral Zone.  Then to go meet with Uruha, Priestess of Darkness, to warn her not to bring her evil intentions to the Elven Forest ever again.)
215	14	Give a Warning to Uruha (You've defeated the Black Willow. Now visit Uruha and warn her not to bring her dastardly evil intentions near the Elven Village ever again.)
215	15	Book of Darkness (In pursuit of the teachings of the opposite.  You've obtained the Book of Darkness which contains the dark secrets of Shilen! How would Andellia, Eva's child, respond to you now?)
215	16	Elder of the Wastelands (Your next lesson will be learned from Elder Casian of the Wastelands. He has some very unusual, forgotten knowledge. Go see him.)
215	17	To Live  a Life with Faith (The laws of the gods govern the universe although their intentions are not always clear. We must simply live each day with faith... Now return to Hermit Santiago.)
215	-1	[completed]
216	1	The Trial Begins (In order to become a full-fledged member of Dwarven society, you must first create 7 journeyman rings. Blacksmith Altran on Talking Island might be a good person to ask. Hold on... Do you see that? Is it a hint?)
216	2	Altran's Arthritis (Altran's arthritis is bothering him terribly. Return to Warehouse Keeper Valkon for instructions.)
216	3	A Medicine for Arthritis (Altran's arthritis is getting much worse. Mandragora berries are supposed to be an excellent remedy. Bring him some and he might listen to you. Monsters to be hunted - Mandragora Sprouts, Mandragoras, Mandragora Saplings, Mandragora Blossoms)
216	4	Visiting Altran (Take the mandragora berries to Altran on Talking Island to treat his arthritis.)
216	5	Ingredients of the Journeyman Ring (In order to make a journeyman ring you must obtain journeyman gems and journeyman deco beads. You can get the gems from Warehouse Keeper Norman in Gludin Village and the deco beads from Blacksmith Pinter in the Town of Gludio.)
216	6	Making a Journeyman Ring (You've obtained 7 journeyman deco beads and 7 journeyman gems. Use the recipe to create 7 journeyman rings and take them to Warehouse Keeper Valkon.)
216	-1	[completed]
217	1	The Elven Tetrarch (High Priest Hollint warns of a huge pending disaster and the dawn of an era of chaos. He gives you a testimony of trust, asking that you work to strengthen the solidarity between the races in preparation for the dark days ahead. You must visit the leaders of all the tribes and obtain their trust. Meet with Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village first.)
217	2	Captains of the Insane Spirits (Hierarch Asterios asks you to slay Luell of Zephyr Winds and Actea of Verdant Wilds, the leaders of the spirits who are destroying the forest, in order to restore the trust between Humans and Elves. Find them by killing lireins and dryads. Monsters to be hunted - Lireins, Lirein Elders, Luell of Zephyr Winds, Dryads, Dryad Elders, Actea of Verdant Wilds)
217	3	Return to  Asterios (You've defeated the leaders of the insane spirits, Luell of Zephyr Winds and Actea of Verdant Wilds. Return to Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village.)
217	4	The Dark Elven Tetrarch (You've received a letter of trust from Hierarch Asterios, the leader of the Elves. Speak with Tetrarch Thifiell in Dark Elf Village.)
217	5	Free the Tetrarch (Tetrarch Thifiell will not give his trust easily and asks you to help him free the Dark Elf leader as a sign of good faith. Speak with Magister Clayton in the Town of Dion.)
217	6	Three Ingredients (Magister Clayton asks you to gather three ingredients from various monsters.  Monsters to be hunted - Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks Wastelands: Ant Soldiers Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Stakatos)
217	7	Return to Clayton (You've collected all the ingredients that Clayton requested. Return to the Town of Dion.)
217	8	To the Dark Elf Village (Clayton asks that you take the three ingredients to Tetrarch Thifiell in the Dark Elf Village.)
217	9	High Priest of Oren Castle Village (You've received a letter of trust from Tetrarch Thifiell, the Dark Elven leader. Return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
217	10	To the Temple of Einhasad (You've delivered the letters from the leaders of the Elves and the Dark Elves to High Priest Hollint. Now speak with Cardinal Seresin at the entrance of the Temple of Einhasad in the Town of Oren.)
217	11	A Lack of Experience (Cardinal Seresin advises you to get more experience. You're not skilled enough to complete the Testimony of Trust. Meet with Cardinal Seresin again when you reach level 38.)
217	12	Finding the Lord of the Orcs (You must obtain a promise of trust from the Orcish and Dwarven leaders. Deliver Cardinal Seresin's letter to the Lord of the Orcs.)
217	13	Help Manakia (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai, the leader of Orcs, has asked you to help Seer Manakia in Giran Castle Town.)
217	14	Lota Tribe's Totem (Seer Manakia has asked that you destroy the Windsus and collect 10 parasites of Lota. Mad boars are rampaging at the Death Pass at the behest of the totem spirit of the Lota tribe. Monster to Hunt -  Windsus)
217	15	Return to Manakia (You've collected all the parasites of Lota that you need. Return to Seer Manakia.)
217	16	Return to Kakai (Take Manakia's letter to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
217	17	The Elder of Dwarven Village (You've obtained the mark of trust from the Orcs! Speak with Lockirin of the Iron Gate Guild in Dwarven Village.)
217	18	The Maestro of Cruma Tower (Lockirin asks that you to help Maestro Nikola at Cruma Tower if you wish to obtain the promise of trust.)
217	19	The Heartstones of Porta (Maestro Nikola asks that you bring him a Heartstone of Porta. Porta lives inside Cruma Tower. Monster to Hunt -  Porta)
217	20	Return to Nikola (You've collected 1 Porta Heartstone. Take this back to Maestro Nikola as soon as possible.)
217	21	Toward the Dwarven Village (You've delivered the heartstones of Porta to Maestro Nikola. Now return to Lockirin in Dwarven Village.)
217	22	Return to Oren (You've earned the trust of the Dwarves! Return to High Priest Hollint in the Town of Oren.)
217	23	The High Priest of Talking Island (You've earned the trust of all the leaders of the tribes. Find High Priest Biotin on Talking Island and obtain the mark of trust.)
217	-1	[completed]
218	1	The Time of Trial (Also known as the mother of all forests and fairies, our Mother Tree is dying. Master Cardien says that many young Elves must be sacrificed if she is to be saved and then gives you the testimony of life. Take his letter to Magister Asterios in Elven Village.)
218	2	The Water of Life (You must obtain the water of life to revive the Mother Tree. Thalia in the east of Iris Lake knows where to find it. Find her.)
218	3	The Dwarven Blacksmith (You must first have the grail of purity if you are to obtain the water of life. Blacksmith Pushkin is the only one who knows how to  properly handle pure mithril, an essential ingredient of the grail. Find him in Giran Castle Town.)
218	4	Ingredients of the Grail (The grail has three ingredients: pure Mithril Ore, ant soldier acid and wyrm's talons. Monsters to be hunted - Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks, Wyrms Wastelands, Ant Nest: Various Ants)
218	5	Return to Pushkin (You've obtained the ingredients that Blacksmith Pushkin requested. Return to him and create the grail.)
218	6	Finished Mithril Glass (Blacksmith Pushkin has created a pure mithril cup. Take it to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	7	The Dark Elven Witch (You must obtain stardust to make a grail of purity. Meet with Witch Arkenia of the Dark Elves at the Altar of Rites in Dark Elven Forest.)
218	8	Searching for the Scripture of Andariel (Witch Arkenia will give you stardust if you bring her the Andariel scripture. You'll find it in Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village.)
218	9	Making a Copy of the Scripture (Priest Adonius asks for your help with his publishing business and promises to give you a copy of the scripture of Andariel as a reward. Find spider ichor for the ink and harpy's down for the penholders. Monsters to be hunted - Cruma Marshlands: Marsh Spiders Gorgon Flower Garden: Harpy)
218	10	Return to Adonius (You've obtained the materials that Adonius asked for. Return to him.)
218	11	Completed Scripture (Take the scripture that you got from Priest Adonius to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites in the Dark Elven Forest.)
218	12	Return to Thalia (Take the stardust that you received from Witch Arkenia to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	13	More Concentration (Thalia tells you that you must have more experience if you wish to find the water of life. Find her again when you reach level 38.)
218	14	Stolen Spear (The Talin's spear, essential to finding the water of life, has been stolen. Thalia orders you to retrieve it. Speak with Isael Silvershadow of Hunters Village first.)
218	15	Separated Spear (The Talin's spear has been stolen and separated into 6 pieces. Track down the Chief and Shaman of the Leto Lizardmen and retrieve the pieces. Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardman Shaman, Leto Lizardman Overlords)
218	16	Return to Isael (You've collected all 6 parts of Talin's spear. Return to Isael Silvershadow in Hunters Village.)
218	17	All prepared (Talin's spear has been restored to its original state. Take it to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	18	Genuine Tears (Stab Eva's unicorn with Talin's spear and capture the tears in the grail to obtain the water of life. Find the unicorn in the southern mountain range of the Elven Forest.)
218	19	The Tears of Eva (You've succeeded in capturing the unicorn's tears in the grail. Return to Thalia, east of Iris Lake.)
218	20	Water of Life (Take the water of life to Hierarch Asterios in Elven Village.)
218	21	Testimony of Life (You've delivered the Water of Life to Hierarch Asterios. Now take the amulet he gave you to Master Cardien in the Town of Dion.)
218	-1	[completed]
219	1	Alder's Ash (Magister Kaira commands you to find a book called "Kaysha's Revelations," which supposedly contains secrets of the goddess Shilen. Meet Brother Metheus in the Temple of Einhasad in Giran Castle Town and learn more about Alder, who published copies of the book.)
219	2	Little Sister's Ash (Brother Metheus asks you to help him avenge his sister in exchange for Alder's skull. He asks that you first slay the Hangman Tree in the Execution Grounds and recover the remains of his sister. Monster to Hunt -  Hangman Tree)
219	3	Return to Metheus (You found Kassandra's remains hanging from the Hangman Tree in the Execution Grounds. Take them to Brother Metheus.)
219	4	Belladonna's Deadly Kiss (Brother Metheus asks you to obtain some Belladonna for him to avenge the murder of his sister. Find a Dark Elven expert in poisons to help you.)
219	5	An Expert in Poisons (Find Master Ixia in the Town of Dion and ask him for Belladonna.)
219	6	Ingredients of Belladonna (Belladonna contains 10 of the following ingredients: Medusa Blood, Marsh Spider Fluids, Dead Seeker Dung, Tyrant's Blood and Nightshade Root. Monsters to be hunted - Gorgon Flower Garden: Medusas Execution Grounds: Dead Seekers Wastelands: Tyrants Cruma Marshlands: Stakatos, Marsh Spiders)
219	7	Return to Ixia (You've obtained all the ingredients needed to make belladonna. Return to Master Ixia, the poison expert.)
219	8	Cold Revenge (Take the belladonna to Brother Metheus.)
219	9	Return to Kaira (You delivered the belladonna to Brother Metheus and received Alder's skull. Return to Magister Kaira.)
219	10	Spirit of Alder (Ask Alder's spirit about "Kaysha's Revelations.")
219	11	Find Roa (Find Roa, tell him what you learned from Alder's spirit, and ask him about "Kaysha's Revelations.")
219	12	Gludin Warehouse (Take the ticket from Magister Roa to the warehouse in Gludin Village.)
219	13	Kaysha's Revelations (You have obtained a copy of "Kaysha's Revelations." Return to Magister Kaira in Giran Castle Town.)
219	14	Not Ready (Magister Kaira tells you that you are not ready to take the next test. Return to her when you reach level 38.)
219	15	Initiation Ceremony (Take the recommendation letter to Tetrarch Thifiell in Dark Elf Village to be initiated into the Shilen Circle.)
219	16	The Altar of Rites (Take the letter and amulet you received from Tetrarch Thifiell to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites in the Dark Elven Forest.)
219	17	Obtain Special Ink (To be initiated into the Shilen Circle, you must first create a special ink from Red Fairy Dust and Blight Treant Sap. Obtain the ingredients from the Bloody Pixie and Blight Treants.)
219	18	The Dark Elven Tetrarch (The initiation was successful! Now deliver Arkenia's letter to Tetrarch Thifiell in the Dark Elven Village.)
219	-1	[completed]
220	1	Trial of Vokian (Prefect Vokian wants to make sure that you're experienced enough to represent the Lord, and orders that you prove your ability by hunting monsters. Monsters to be hunted - Ivory Tower Crater: Manashens Death Pass: Guardian Basilisks Wastelands: Tyrant, Tyrant Kingpin)
220	2	Return to Vokian (You've defeated the monsters that Vokian ordered and collected all the marks. Return to Prefect Vokian.)
220	3	Chianta, Chief of the Gandi Tribe (You've proven your abilities to Prefect Vokian. Meet Gandi Chief Chianta in the Town of Dion.)
220	4	Five Unique and Honorable Deaths (Recover the flame scepter from the 5 lower Orc tribes. The tribes are called the Breka, Enku, Vuku, Turek and Tunath. Visit Seer Manakia in Giran Castle Town and Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village for detailed instructions.)
220	5	Return to Chianta (You've collected the scepters from the 5 lower Orc tribes. Take them to Gandi Chief Chianta.)
220	6	Punish the Betrayers (You've recovered the flame scepters from the 5 lower Orc tribes. Now you must make war against the Timak and Tamlin Orc tribes. Bring back 20 heads from each tribe! Monsters to be hunted - Timak Outpost: Timak Orcs Hunters Valley: Tamlin Orcs and their Archers)
220	7	The Punishment Ends (You've brought 20 heads from the Tamlin and Timak Orc tribes. Return to Chianta.)
220	8	Priest of the Immortal Plateau (Take the box you got from Gandi Chief Chianta to Seer Tanapi in Orc Village.)
220	9	The Scepter of Tantos (Find the Ragna Orc Overlord or Seer somewhere on the Immortal Plateau and recover the stolen scepter. Monsters to be hunted - Ragna Orc Overlords, Ragna Orc Seers, Revenant of Tantos Chief)
220	10	Recovered Scepter of Tantos (You've recovered the Scepter of the Tantos tribe. Take it to Seer Tanapi.)
220	11	To the Lord of Flame (You've recovered the stolen scepter and delivered it to Seer Tanapi. Now take the ritual box to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
220	-1	[completed]
221	1	Four Proofs of Prosperity (To complete the first stage of the Prosperity Test, you must find the four marks: Treasure Mark, Fertile Land Mark, Fertility Mark, and Healthy Body Mark. Ask about the details of each Mark to the Freighter Farman of Giran village.)
221	2	Return to Parman (All four marks symbolizing the richness of Maphr.  Go back tot he Freighter Parman of Giran village)
221	3	More Training (First stage of the Test of Prosperity complete.  But you don't have enough experience to challenge the second stage yet.  Once you become level 38, go see the Freighter Parman of Giran village.)
221	4	Maphr's Stone Plate (You have completed the first part of the Testimony of Prosperity.  The second part of the test is to find and bring back Maphr's Tablet on which the secrets of absolute geometry is recorded.  For details, go to Maestro Nikola who is located near Cruma Tower and ask him.)
221	5	Making an Imprint of the Keyhole (According to Maestro Nikola, Maphr's Tablet is hidden in a box located somewhere inside the Cruma Tower.  However, in order to make a key to open the box, you must first make an imprint of the keyhole. Take the clay Maestro Nikola has given you, go to Cruma Tower to copy the  keyhole of the box and return.)
221	6	Return to Nikola (By using the clay, you have made a copy of the keyhole.  Now, return to Maestro Nikola.)
221	7	Ingredients for the Key (In order to open the box containing Maphr's Tablet, you must first make a Key of Titan.  Maestro Nikola has given you the list of materials that are needed to make the key.  Collect the materials and then by using the recipe, make a Key of Titan.  After that, open the box with the completed key and recover Maphr's Tablet.    Monsters to be hunted -  Marsh Stakatos, Toad Lords, and Marsh Spiders.)
221	8	The Finished Key (You have gathered all the materials you need. Now, by using the recipe, make the key and open the Titan's Box.)
221	9	Maphr's Stone Plate (Maphr's tablet acquired finally.  Go to the Freighter Parman of Giran village with this.)
221	-1	[completed]
222	1	Fighting Evil (To pass the Test of the Duelist you must defeat the most powerful evil spirit from each territory in the kingdom. Kaien has ordered that you destroy at least 10 evil spirits in each territory!)
222	2	Monster Hunt (The following monsters are to be hunted: Gludio Territory Wastelands - Punchers, Ant Nest - Noble Ant Leaders Dion Territory Cruma Marshlands - Marsh Stakato Drones, Execution Grounds - Dead Seekers Giran Territory Breka's Stronghold - Breka Orc Overlords, Death Pass - Fettered Souls Oren Territory Plains of the Lizardmen - Leto Lizardman Overlords, Ivory Tower Crater - Enchanted Monster Eyes Aden Territory Hunters Valley - Tamlin Orcs, Tamlin Orc Archers)
222	3	The First Test Is Over (You've killed all the evil spirits for the Test of the Duelist. Return to Kaien.)
222	4	The Final Test (To pass the Test of the Duelist, you must prove you are the best in the kingdom. Find the evil creatures listed in the final order and kill at least 3 of each. Monsters to be hunted - Cruma Tower: Excuros, Krator Death Pass: Grandis Timak Outpost: Timak Orc Overlord Hunters Valley: Lakin)
222	5	The Final Test Is Complete (You've destroyed the evil spirits for the final test. Return to Kaien.)
222	-1	[completed]
223	1	The Old Soldier's Friend (Veteran Ascalon asks you to find his old friend Mason in the southern part of Dion.)
223	2	Mason's Revenge (Mason's entire family was massacred by troops of the Gracian army. Exact his revenge upon the Bloody Axe Elites on the Plains of the Lizardmen. Monsters to be hunted - Bloody Axe Elites)
223	3	Return to Mason (You've collected 100 heads of the Bloody Axe Elite. Now take them to Mason.)
223	4	Letter to Ascalon (Mason is satisfied that his family has been avenged. He asks you to deliver a letter to Ascalon.)
223	5	Poison of Medusa (Now you must make an antidote for the Giran guards who were poisoned by the medusa. Find Groot in Giran Castle Town.)
223	6	An Antidote for Medusa Poisoning (It wasn't a mortal threat to the race, but the number medusa poisonings certainly increased. Create an antidote from a harpy's egg, the medusa's venom and Windsus bile. Monsters to be hunted - Gorgon Flower Garden: Harpy, Medusa Death Pass: Windsus)
223	7	Return to Groot (You've gathered the ingredients to make the antidote for the medusa's venom. Return to Magic Trader Groot.)
223	8	Fight of the Old Soldiers (Groot thanks you for helping him and tells you that he will make and deliver the antidote. Now return to Ascalon.)
223	9	Crisis In the Town of Oren (The Town of Oren is threatened! Meet Captain Mouen there!)
223	10	Hunting the Road Scavenger (The crisis in Oren was a bit overblown by Ascalon, but the road scavengers are clearly causing trouble. Bring back 100 of their heads! Monsters to be hunted - Road Scavengers, Road Collectors)
223	11	Return to Mouen (You've collected 100 heads of the road scavengers. Return to Captain Mouen.)
223	12	Protect Giran Castle (Ascalon was right! the Leto Lizardmen have begun a full frontal assault! You must defend Giran Castle! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardmen)
223	13	Return to the Captain (You've collected 100 fangs of Leto Lizardmen. Return to Captain Mouen.)
223	14	Return to Ascalon (You've saved Giran! Return to Veteran Ascalon.)
223	-1	[completed]
224	1	Test of Sagittarius (Hamil in Floran Village is a genius archer from Innadril. Visit him and earn his respect.)
224	2	Watchman of the Wastelands (Evil is afoot in the Ant Nest of the Wastelands. Meet Sir Aron Tanford, the watcher of the Wastelands.)
224	3	A Mark at the Ant Nest (Brankel disappeared into the Ant Nest while searching for pagans. Go to the Ant Nest in the Wastelands and look for clues. Monsters to be hunted - All Monsters in the Ant Nest)
224	4	Hunter's Rune (A rune used by hunters. Take it to Hamil to find out what it means.)
224	5	Where Is the Black Egg? (The children of Shilen have been acting suspiciously. Visit Prefect Vokian in Giran Castle Town and investigate the movements of the Breka Orcs.)
224	6	Searching For Remains of the Snake (Prefect Vokian asks you to investigate all Breka Orc Shamans and Overlords and bring him anything snake-like that you find. Monsters to be hunted - Breka Orc Overlords, Breka Orc Shamans)
224	7	Return to Vokian (You've found a snake-shaped amulet. Take it to Perfect Vokian.)
224	8	Brankel's Message (The snake amulet summons a totem spirit. To decode Brankel's message, take this information to Hamil.)
224	9	Crescent Moon Bow (The evil spirit Kadesh has been resurrected! You must have a crescent moon bow to defeat him. Go to the Ivory Tower of Oren and meet Magister Gauen.)
224	10	Broken Bow (A crescent moon bow is essential if you are to defeat Commander Kadesh. This one needs a lot of work, however. To restore its function you must obtain some materials...  Monsters to be hunted - Ivory Tower Crater: Manashens Cruma Marshlands: marsh spiders, marsh stakato workers, marsh stakato soldiers and marsh stakato drones.  Death Pass: road scavengers)
224	11	Restoring the Crescent Moon Bow (You've obtained the materials needed to restore the crescent moon bow. Take them to Magister Gauen in the Ivory Tower.)
224	12	Resurrected Evil Archer (The crescent moon bow has been restored. It can only shoot wooden arrows. Return to Hamil to find Kadesh's location.)
224	13	Evil Spirit Hunting (The evil spirit Kadesh is building his power by consuming Leto Lizardmen. You'll find Kadesh if you hunt them. You can only kill him with the crescent moon bow. Remember, you mustn't use any skill when you kill him! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardmen, Evil Spirit Kadesh)
224	14	Return to Hamil (You've killed the evil spirit Kadesh. Return to Hamil.)
224	-1	[completed]
225	1	Scout of the Kingdom (A Searcher has the ability to find hidden things. To obtain the mark of the searcher, visit Alex in Floran Village. He was once known as the best scout in the kingdom.)
225	2	Alex's Aide (Alex asks you to meet with Leirynn, his aide. She'll tell you what to do.)
225	3	Shaman of the Delu Lizardmen (Leirynn orders you to kill the Delu Lizardman Shaman in this area. Monster to Hunt -  Delu Lizardman Shaman)
225	4	Return to Leirynn (You've destroyed the Delu Lizardman Shaman. Report back to Leirynn.)
225	5	Kakis, Chief of the Delu Tribe (Classified documents have revealed that the Delu Lizardmen's sole purpose was to find something. Chief Kalkis might know something! Monster to Hunt -  Delu Chief Kalkis)
225	6	A Suspicious Map (You've defeated Kalkis. He has a suspicious map, doesn't he? Return to Leirynn and find out more about it.)
225	7	Report to Captain Alex (Leirynn doesn't know what the map is for and asks you to take it to Captain Alex.)
225	8	Search For the Lost Gold Bars (The map shows the forgotten gold chest left from the old Lord's elite! Go see the Gludio village's then-elite Boris to find out abut the information.)
225	9	Loosen the Drunkard's Lips (Borys isn't going to say a word unless you bring him the best malrukian wine that Tyra can find.)
225	10	Red Spore Dust (Tyra is willing to exchange the wine for 10 pouches of red spore dust. You can get red spore dust from the giant fungus at the Sea of Spores!)
225	11	Return to Tyra (You've obtained 10 pouches of red spore dust. Take them to Tyra and trade them for malrukian wine.)
225	12	A Happy Drunkard (Take the malrukian wine to Borys and get the information!)
225	13	The Gold Thief (The four royal guards conspired together to conceal the lord's gold. One of them is a man whose name is Jax. He must be protecting merchant convoys in the southern section of the Wastelands. Let's go find him!)
225	14	Find the Torn Map (The guards tore the map into 4 pieces and ran away. One of them was killed by road scavengers and another lost his life to the hangman tree. Find the map pieces! Monsters to be hunted - Death Pass: Road Scavengers Execution Grounds: Hangman Trees)
225	15	Return to Jax (You've found the pieces of the map that were held by Solt and Makel. Visit Guard Jax to complete the map!)
225	16	The Treasure's Location (As you piece together the 4 parts of the map, a coordinate appears. Go there!)
225	17	A Treasure Box (You've discovered a rusty box and a key. Can you open it?)
225	18	The Gold Bars Are Discovered! (You've discovered 20 gold bars in the rusty box! Take them to Alex right away!)
225	19	Alex's Letter of Recommendation (Alex writes you a letter of recommendation to give to Master Luther. Take it to him now!)
225	-1	[completed]
226	1	The Girl of Prophecy (Ancient revelations tell of a girl that will be born to save the world from the forces of darkness. A girl has been born who claims to be the saint described in the prophecy. Speak with Perrin in Gludin Village.)
226	2	Perrin's Bodyguard (Perrin's bodyguard has appeared! Kill him!)
226	3	The Evil Perrin (You've defeated Tatoma, Perrin's bodyguard. Listen to what Perrin has to say.)
226	4	The Ringleader (Perrin's companion, Allana is behind this.  Find her.)
226	5	An Orphan Girl (Allana scoffs and claims she only saw such a girl once, in the orphanage near Gludio Castle.)
226	6	A Poor Orphanage (The orphanage is having serious financial difficulties.  They could survive if only they had 100,000 adena.)
226	7	A Girl of the Wastelands (The head of the orphanage gratefully accepts your 100,000 adena.  But one of the girls seems to be missing...?)
226	8	A Mysterious Girl (Windy is a mysterious girl who talks to monsters.  She says she'll return to the orphanage and asks you to go there first.  Let's return to orphanage.)
226	9	An Elf from Gludio (You haven't find out anything about the saint, but an Elf from Gludio named Sorius might know something.)
226	10	Tracking the Followers of Shilen (The girl was kidnapped by the followers of Shilen.  Meet Daurin Hammercrush in the western part of the Turek Orc Camp!)
226	11	Destroy the Leto Lizardmen! (Destroy the Leto Lizardmen! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardmen)
226	12	The First Secret Letter (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen and obtained the first secret letter! Let's speak to Daurin again.)
226	13	To the Obelisk! (The secret letter describes a ceremony that should take place at the obelisk in the Dark Elven Forest.  You may find a clue there.  Hurry up!  Look for help on the way!)
226	14	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 1 (The mysterious Dark Elf has summoned new recruits! Kill them! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardman Assassins)
226	15	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 1 (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen.  Keep attacking the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	16	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 2 (More recruits! Defeat them all! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardman Snipers)
226	17	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 2 (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen.  Keep attacking the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	18	Subjugate the Forces of Darkness! - Part 3 (More recruits! Kill the enemy one more time! Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardman Mystics, Leto Lizardman Lords)
226	19	Tracking the Dark Elf - Part 3 (You've defeated the Leto Lizardmen.  This is the end! Keep attacking the mysterious Dark Elf!)
226	20	Where is the Saint? (The spell that imprisoned the saint has been broken. But where is the saint? Daurin's people may know. Look for clues nearby!)
226	21	Finding the Saint (The saint can be found in a tent near the Dark Elven Altar of Rites. Find her!)
226	22	The Duty of the Saint (The Goddess has begun to open her eyes. Kristina says she has things to do here and asks you to deliver a letter to Master Sorius on her behalf.)
226	23	Test of the Healer (Sorius thanks you for a job well done and promises to speak to Bandellos on your behalf. Return to Priest Bandellos.)
226	-1	[completed]
227	1	To Advance the Light (Do your part to make the world a better place. Use Disrupt Undead to defeat the Nameless Revenants who haunt the Execution Grounds. Monsters to be hunted - Nameless Revenants)
227	2	Aruraune (A strange entity has emerged among the Nameless Revenants! Kill it!  Monster to Hunt -  Aruraune)
227	3	A Large Nail (Aruraune disappears after telling you that truth would soon be clear. Could this be what Priest Pupina was talking about?)
227	4	Shout From the Wilderness (The iron nail stuck in Aruraune's head is a tool for brainwashing. Is a temple injecting their religious doctrines directly into people's heads? Visit Preacher Sla in Wastelands to find the answer.)
227	5	Light for the Ol Mahum (One of Preacher Sla's disciples is a missionary for the Ol Mahum. Meet Katari near the waterfall in the Neutral Zone.)
227	6	Protect the Pilgrim (Some Ol Mahums have been reformed by  the power of missionary work, but the Ol Mahum inspector is attacking them! Defend the Ol Mahum pilgrims! Monster to Hunt -  Ol Mahum Inspector)
227	7	Ol Mahum Divided by 2 (You've killed the Ol Mahum inspector. Speak with Katari and the Ol Mahums again.)
227	8	Defeat the Betrayer! (There's a traitor among the Ol Mahum pilgrims! Kill the betrayer! Monster to Hunt -  Ol Mahum Betrayer)
227	9	Return to Katari (You've killed the Ol Mahum betrayer. Return to Katari.)
227	10	Search for the Betrayer (The Betrayers may be somewhere else. Return to Preacher Sla and inform him that there are traitors!)
227	11	Scattered Disciples (The other Ol Mahums have split into three groups and are scattered throughout the land. First, meet with Kakan in the southeastern Orc Village.)
227	12	Help the Ol Mahums! (Use your magic to help the Ol Mahums defeat vicious Crimson Werewolves. Remember: don't attack the creatures directly unless you can kill them with one strike!)
227	13	Return to Kakan (The Crimson Werewolves have been destroyed. Return to Kakan.)
227	14	Visit the Dwarven Village (A wise warrior knows when to retreat. Visit Nyakuri in the Dwarven Village.)
227	15	Slay the Lizardman! (You must defeat the Lizardman in melee combat, without the aid of magic! Monster to Hunt - Krudel Lizardman)
227	16	Return to Nyakuri (You have defeated the Krudel Lizardman. Return to Nyakuri.)
227	17	To Talking Island (The Ol Mahums should be safe from Lizardmen attacks for some time. Meet Ramus near the waterfall on Talking Island.)
227	18	Preparing for a Memorial Service (Talking Island is a very beautiful place. Bone fragments are needed for a memorial service that will be held here soon. Go to the Elven Ruins and bring a bone fragment from each type of undead monster there. Monsters to be hunted - Skeleton Archers, Misery Skeletons, Skeleton Marksmen, Skeleton Lords, Silent Horrors)
227	19	Return to Ramus (You have collected the bone fragments needed for the memorial service. Return to Ramus.)
227	20	Letter from a Disciple (Ramus is satisfied that he can hold the memorial service safely and asks you to deliver a letter to his mentor. Return to Sla.)
227	-1	[completed]
228	1	A Mysterious Melody (A strange melody is only heard by those who have mastered elemental magic. Parina is the only one who knows it. You can find her in the temple of Gludin Village.)
228	2	Casian the Elder (The source of the song is most likely the singing flower, a legendary evil spirit. Casian should be able to tell you more about singing flowers, shouldn't he?)
228	3	Seed of the Singing Flower (Elder Casian informs you that there are several types of singing flowers. You must kill them all! Monsters to be hunted - Near Fellmere Lake: Singing Flower Phantasms Oren Territory,  The Gods' Falls Next to Ivory Tower: Singing Flower Nightmares South Puddle of Giran Castle Town: Singing Flower Darklings)
228	4	Seeds of the Singing Flowers (You've eliminated the singing flowers and collected all their seeds. Take them to Bard Rukal.)
228	5	Collecting Elemental Tones (You must have absolute tone in order to grow a millennium flower. Find the water undine in Fellmere Lake, the Flame Salamander in the Ruins of Agony, the wind sylph at the northwest entrance to the Wastelands and the earth snake in the Ruins of Agony. They have the elemental tones.)
228	6	Secret of the Tones (You've collected the tones of 4 spirits. Return to Rukal to create absolute tone.)
228	-1	[completed]
229	1	Spirit of the Black Magi (The box contains the soul of Aklantoth, a Magus of the dark arts during the Elmoreden era. To open it, you must answer his riddle. Start at the Luxury Shop in Giran Castle Town.)
229	2	Six Treasures of Aklantoth (Three gems were sold at the auction. They were bought by Magister Iker and Dark Elf Kaira in the Town of Giran, and Trader Lara in the Town of Dion, respectively. Ask Nestle in Gludin where the other gems are. You must collect all 6 gems.)
229	3	To Orim of the Shadow (You've collected all 6 gems. Now take them to Orim of the Shadow to have them put in the box.)
229	4	Evil Resurrected (Entranced by the whispers of a demon, Orim resurrects him. You must defeat him before he regains his power!)
229	5	Evil Gone Missing (The demon has disappeared! Return to Orim of the Shadow again.)
229	6	Sword of Binding and Soultrap Crystal (To seal the revived Drevanul Zeruel, you must have the sword of binding and a soultrap crystal. Sir Klaus Vasper in Gludin has the sword of binding and Magister Iker of Giran Castle Town has the soultrap crystal. Visit them!)
229	7	Sealing the Evil (You've obtained the sword of binding and soultrap crystal. Visit Orim of the Shadow and learn how to seal Drevanul Zeruel.)
229	8	Searching for Zeruel (Zeruel is probably disguised as a Human somewhere in Floran Village. He must be dealt with at once! Strike the final blow with the sword of binding!)
229	9	Zeruel Must Be Defeated! (Drevanul Zeruel's hiding place inside Fisherman Evert has at last been revealed! Kill him with the sword of binding!)
229	10	Sealing Evil (Zeruel has been defeated! Return to Orim of the Shadow.)
229	-1	[completed]
230	1	Making an Arcana Card (The Testimonies of Summoning is a competition between Summoners for Arcana Cards. Visit Trader Lara in the Town of Dion to make an Arcana Card.)
230	2	Beginning Arcana (Trader Lara will make you two arcana cards if you bring the necessary items. You must defeat 6 Summoners. Come back here after you get the items.)
230	3	A Battle of Summoners (You can challenge any Summoner, anytime, anywhere, with arcana cards. Summoners must only fight against  other Summoners and should never be confronted directly. One arcana card is consumed with each encounter. You can find Summoners in the following locations:   West of the Elven Ruins: Summoner Almors Near the south entrance of Wastelands: Summoner Basilla  A remote house of  Beehives: Summoner Camoniell ear the Mother Tree south of the Underground Fortress in the Elven Forest: Summoner Celestiel Cruma Marshlands: Summoner Belthus Gorgon Flower Garden: Summoner Brynthea.)
230	4	Pass the Test of the Summoner (You have collected six types of Arcana cards from six Summoners. Take them to High Summoner Galatea to receive a mark of her approval.)
230	-1	[completed]
231	1	The Elders' Recommendations (Lockirin explains that if you wish to become a Maestro, you must obtain the recommendations of three elders.)
231	2	Return to Lockirin (You've collected all three elders' recommendations. Return to Lockirin of the Iron Gate.)
231	-1	[completed]
232	1	Totems of the Five Tribes (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai says that you must meet the chiefs of all five tribes, except Hestui, and bring back their totems. The Atuba Chief, the Neruga Chief and the Urutu Chief can be found in the Royal Hall; the Duda-Mara Chief is in the Town of Oren and the Gandi Chief is in the Town of Dion.)
232	2	Return to the Flame Lord (You've received the five totems from the five chiefs. Return to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
232	3	Searching for an Ancestor (Pa'agrio Lord Kakai orders you to go to Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials. Pass his final test and then return.)
232	4	Kill the Ragna Orcs (Ancestor Martankus says that you must kill Ragna Orcs and bring their heads as proof. Monsters to be hunted - Ragna Orc Prefects, Ragna Orc Seers)
232	5	Return to Martankus (You've brought the heads of the Ragna Orcs and found  treasonous documents in their bodies. Take them to Ancestor Martankus.)
232	6	The First Orc (You've done all that Ancestor Martankus asked of you. The very first Orc is coming to congratulate you personally! Will you meet with him?)
232	7	Return to Kakai (The first Orc tells you an ancient secret and encourages you to become a Lord of the tribe in the future. Return to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
232	-1	[completed]
233	1	Four Heroes' Ashes (Seer Somak orders you to recover the remains of 4 warriors, Braki the Clever, Kiruna the Brave, Tonar the Super and Hermodt the Indomitable. Orim of the Shadow has the remain of Braki, Seer Racoy in Gludio Town has the remains of Kiruna, Seer Pekiron in the Town of Oren has the remains of Tonar and Seer Manakia in Giran Castle Town has Hermodt's remains.)
233	2	Return to the Seer (You've recovered the remains of the 4 heroes. Take them to Seer Somak.)
233	3	Gifts for the Ancestors (You've delivered the remains of 4 warriors to Seer Somak. Somak asks for a gift to offer his ancestors and asks you to bring 13 heads of Tamlin Orcs from the south of Aden.)
233	4	Return to Somak (You've collected 13 heads of Tamlin Orcs. Return to Somak.)
233	5	Ancestor Martankus (The heads of Tamlin Orcs are the best gifts for the ancestors. Visit  Ancestor Martankus in the Cave of Trials.)
233	-1	[completed]
234	1	Save the Soul of Reiria (The soul of Reiria, Maestro Reorin's dearly departed wife, is being held hostage by demons. He asks that you free her by slaying Messenger Cabrio and recovering the soul orb. He was last seen lurking in the northern part of the cemetery.)
234	2	Infernium Scepter (In order to restore his honor, Maestro Reorin wishes to recover his masterpiece from the demons. He asks that you recover his three Infernium scepters from Death Lord Hallate, his aide Kernon and Longhorn Golkonda, who can be found in the Tower of Insolence.)
234	3	Infernium Varnish (Maestro Reorin asks that you go to Warehouse Keeper Cliff in the Town of Oren and obtain Infernium varnish so he may continue his enhancement of the Infernium scepters.)
234	4	Specially Made Hammer (Maestro Reorin asks that you recover his hammer from Head Blacksmith Ferris in the Town of Aden, who confiscated it after expelling the maestro from the guild.)
234	5	Maestro-Level Mold (Go to Trader Zenkin in the Town of Oren and recover the maestro-level mold that he bought from Reorin.)
234	6	To Hardin's Academy (Trader Zenkin informs you that Maestro Reorin's mold has already been sold to Magister Kaspar of Hardin's Academy. Try to obtain the mold from him.)
234	7	Baium's Blood (Magister Kaspar offers to give you Reorin's mold in exchange for a sample of the blood of Baium. Baium is the emperor of the ancient empire who is sealed in a room atop the Tower of Insolence.  He is said to have turned into a beast-like creature. Magister Hanellin of the Town of Aden will tell you how to enter his room. When you attack him, you must use a pipette knife and stab him with it.)
234	8	Blood of Angel (Magister Kaspar gave 30 pieces of white cloth to have them stain with the blood of Platinum Faction and angels in the Tower of Insolence. Let's bring them to Kaspar by staining them with the blood of angels.  Monsters to be hunted -- Platinum Faction Solider, Platinum Faction Archer, Platinum Faction Warrior, Platinum Faction Shaman, Platinum Faction Commander, Guardian Angel, and Seal Angel)
234	9	To Kaspar (All 30 pieces of white cloth have been stained with the blood of angel as Kaspar requested. Let's go back to Kaspar.)
234	10	Holding a mold in a hand (The Maestro Reorin's mold has been acquired! Please go back to Reorin now.)
234	11	B Grade Crystal (Many B-grade Crystals are required in order to process molten Infernium. Obtain 984 crystals and deliver them to Maestro Reorin.)
234	12	Equipment Fusion (In order to neutralize a hazardous energy emitted from raw Infernium, you will need to mix it with a B-Grade item in to create a new alloy. Bring a B-grade weapon to Maestro Reorin.)
234	-1	[completed]
235	1	Pure Silver, Silvery Light of Purity (Magister Ladd tells you how to create Mimir's elixir. Magic Trader Wesley under the Ivory Tower will teach you the basic technique of mixing reagents. Magister Ladd tells you that the formula for pure silver is equal parts Lunargent and Quicksilver.)
235	2	True Gold, Sublime Stone (Stone of Supremacy) (The second ingredient you'll need to make Mimir's elixir is true gold. Magister Ladd tells you that long ago, he gave his colleague, Joan of the Ivory Tower, some true gold. He suggests that you to go see her.)
235	3	In Search of a Sage's Stone (Magister Joan tells you that in order to make true gold you will need the sage's stone. She asks you to go to the Silent Valley and find it for her. According to her, one of the chimera pieces is carrying it...)
235	4	Return the Sage's Stone to Its Owner (You have obtained the sage's stone! Return to Magister Joan of the Ivory Tower in Oren.)
235	5	What is Your True Wish? (Magister Joan made true gold for you. Now, return to Magister Ladd.)
235	6	Blood Fire, the Flames of Purgatory (Blood fire is hot enough to meld true gold and pure silver. Slay the bloody guardian in the Watchman's Grave and obtain blood fire. Use the mixing urn in the basement of the Ivory Tower to create Mimir's elixir.)
235	7	Mimir's Elixir - Last Stage (You have obtained blood fire! It is said that if you mix it with pure silver and true gold, Mimir's elixir will be created... Use the mixing urn located in the basement of the Ivory Tower.)
235	8	Beyond the Fate (You've obtained Mimir's elixir! Magister Ladd will tell you how to use it.)
235	-1	[completed]
236	1	Possessor of the Star of Destiny (If you possess the Star of Destiny, you may be guided by the Lady in Blue. Hierarch Kekropus instructs you to visit a Wizard in Forest of the Dead.)
236	2	Wizard's Favor (The mysterious Wizard asks you to bring him a Black Echo Crystal, which is probably in the possession of Needle Stakato in the Swamp of Screams. Monsters to be hunted - Needle Stakato Drones)
236	3	Return to Wizard (Black echo crystal found. Let's go back to the magician)
236	4	Waiting for the One (After you gave the Wizard the Echo Crystal, he tells you to wait for someone who has information you need...)
236	5	Hidden One (Katenar tells you to find Harkilgamed, who is said to be hiding somewhere in the Valley of Saints.)
236	6	More Waiting (The Wizard tells you to wait a little longer. Do you listen to him?)
236	7	The One to Meet (The person you're waiting for seems to be near. Talk to the Wizard.)
236	8	Blood Jewel (Katenar orders you to bring him the Blood Jewel, which is held by the Vampire Wizard who appears here only at night. Defeat him and take the jewel. Monsters to be hunted - Vampire Wizard)
236	9	Return to Wizard (You have obtained the Blood Jewel. Return to the Wizard.)
236	10	The Cursed Village (Katenar orders you to deliver the troublesome jewel to Kurstin in Cursed Village. He cautions you to only visit the town during the day, however.)
236	11	To the Valley of Saints (In the letter left from Katenar, it says to go see Harkilgamed hidden in the Saint's Valley.   Let us go and look for him.)
236	12	Help Harkilgamed (Harkilgamed asks you to help throw his enemies into confusion by attacking the nearby monsters. Help him! Monsters to be hunted - Shout of Splendor, Alliance of Splendor, Signet of Splendor, Crown of Splendor, Fang of Splendor and Wailing of Splendor)
236	13	To Harkilgamed (Acquired 62 medals of light by killing the enemy's commanders.   Let's go back to Harkilgamed)
236	14	Hierarch of Kamael (Now that you know part of the secret, you should visit Hierarch Kekropus.)
236	15	To Nornil's Garden (The last person to meet is Rodenpicula, who is in Nornil's Garden. First, though, visit Vice Hierarch Mao.)
236	16	Rodenpicula (Rodenpicula will be waiting in Nornil's Garden.)
236	17	Manipulation of Nornil (The Seeds of Chaos are the work of Mother Nornil. Speak to her.)
236	18	The Spicula's Approval (Rodenpicula can give you the first approval. Get it from her!)
236	19	New Privileges (Rodenpicula has allowed this. Let's go see Mather Nordill.)
236	20	Seeds of Chaos (The seed of chaos found. But it says there's something wrong... Talk with Rodenpicula)
236	-1	[completed]
237	-2	
237	1	Choosing Sides (Gatekeeper Flauen wants you to aid the town of Heine by choosing a side to support. But at present, you don't know anything about the two sides. Seek out Iason Heine in the Warehouse. He will give you more information with which to make your choice.)
237	2	Soliciting Information (Iason Heine has just described to you the two emerging factions forming in Heine. As he is a busy man, he has asked you to research this issue thoroughly, then make a decision on his behalf. To do this, you must meet with supporters from each side. First, go see Head Blacksmith Roman at the village smithy and hear his opinions on Dr. Helvetica.)
237	3	The Other Side (Now that you've heard about Dr. Helvetica, its time to learn something about Athenia. Go see High Priestess Morelyn and find out her views about the situation.)
237	4	To Iason Heine (You have heard the stories about both powers. Return to Iason Heine and select the power you have chosen to help.)
237	5	Supporting Helvetica (You have chosen to help Dr. Helvetica. Go to the Field Development Base in the Field of Silence and deliver the letter from Iason Heine.)
237	6	Supporting Athenia (Based on your advice, Iason has decided to support Athenia. Find her encampment in the Field of Whispers and deliver the letter Iason has given you.)
237	-1	[completed]
238	1	Mission to destroy the Purifying Magic Circle (Dr. Helvetica at the Field of Silence tries to develop the surrounding fields in Innadril. Destroy the symbol of Ritual of Purging Site, the Purifying Magic Circle, which is an obstacle to his business.  Destroy target - Purifying Magic Circle)
238	2	Go back to Dr. Helvetica (You have completed the mission of destroying 10 Torches of Purifying Magic Circle. Return and report this to Dr. Helvetica of the Field of Silence.)
238	3	Vanguard Captain of the Development Business (You have completed the first mission for Dr. Helvetica. But you still have not earned his trust. Roaming around the Ritual or Purge Site and destroy the Guardian Waterspirit and Evil Spirits in Magic Force within the site hindering the development work so you can get his trust.  Monsters to be hunted - Guardian Waterspirit and Evil Spirits in Magic Force.)
238	4	Go back to Dr. Helvetica again (Successfully destroyed 20 of the Guardian Waterspirit and Evil Spirits in Magic Force. Return and report this to Dr. Helvetica of the Field of Silence.)
238	-1	[completed]
239	1	Protecting the Field (Athenia needs proof of your dedication. She has asked that you travel north to the Fields of Silence. Once there, destroy 10 Waste Landfill Machines and bring back pieces of their remains as proof of your commitment. Destroy target - Waste Landfill Machine)
239	2	Return to Athenia (You have completed the task that Athenia has assigned to you. Take the 10 Destroyed Machine Pieces you salvaged from the Landfill Machines and show Athenia that you mean business.)
239	3	One More Task (Athenia has asked you to do one more thing for her. She wants you to destroy 20 of Dr. Helvetica's golems located north of the Fields of Silence. By doing this, you should obtain her complete trust. Monsters to be hunted - Suppressors, Exterminators)
239	4	Prove Your Worth (You defeated 20 of Helvetica's golem army. Go back to Priestess Athenia and see what she has to say.)
239	-1	[completed]
240	1	Stakato Hunt (Bounty Hunter Kintaijin wants you to weed out the Stakatos that stand in the way of him finding Haari. Kill 25 Stakatos and bring your proof back to Kintaijin. Monsters to be hunted - Spiked Stakato, Cannibalistic Stakato)
240	2	Return to Kintaijin (You've collected the fangs that Kintaijin has requested. Return to him at once.)
240	-1	[completed]
241	1	Meet Gabrielle (Grand See Rahorakti tells you that he needs the Crimson Moss to make the medicine that Kassandra needs. You can obtain it by hunting the Taik Orc Supply Leader at the Cemetary. Bring back 5 of them. Monsters to be hunted - Taik Orc Supply Leader)
241	2	Antharas Watchman Gilmore (Gabrielle says that she doesn't know many heroes who have fought Antharas. She suggests that you meet Gilmore, Watchman of the Land Dragon Antharas, who was one of the seventeen heroes. He's become an undead and guards Dragon Valley.)
241	3	Elven Witch Baraham, Creature of Evil (Elven Witch Baraham was one of the seventeen heroes who fought Antharas. She became an evil creature of her own free will. She must be carrying "Legend of Seventeen" in her bosom. Monster to hunt - Baraham)
241	4	Go to Talien (Take the "Legend of Seventeen" that Baraham was carrying to Talien in the Town of Aden.)
241	5	Where is Melody Maestro? (It is rumored that a Melody Maestro in Heine has the echo crystal that contains a forgotten song of ancient bards regarding King Raul and his five knights. Go get the crystal.)
241	6	Malruk Succubus Claw (Melody Maestro Kantabilon told you that in order to repair the old echo crystal, he needs a special tool. He asked you to go to the Watchman's Grave and obtain at least 10 Malruk Succubus Claws. Monsters to be hunted - Malruk Succubus and Malruk Succubus Turens)
241	7	Go to the Melody Maestro (You've obtained 10 Malruk Succubus Claws! Now take them to Melody Maestro Kantabilon in Heine.)
241	8	Take the Echo Crystal to Talien (Melody Maestro Kantabilon has given you the echo crystal containing the forgotten song. Return to Talien in the Town of Aden.)
241	9	An Elf whose name is Stedmiel (Go to Hunters Village and meet an Elf by the name of Stedmiel. Ask him about the poetry book containing the story of the Warriors who fought Beleth.)
241	10	Take the Faded Poetry Book to Talien (Master Stedmiel gives you a poetry book in which the story of the warriors who fought against Beleth is written. Take it to Talien in the Town of Aden.)
241	11	Talien's Sponsor Virgil (Go see Dwarf Virgil, Talien's sponsor, in the Rune Township.)
241	12	Meet Ogmar (Kassandra, Virgil's granddaughter, is suffering from an unknown illness. Ogmar, Virgil's colleague, may know a treatment for her illness. Seek his advice.)
241	13	Grand Seer's Miracle Cure (Meet Grand Seer Rahorakti and ask him about some medicine for Kassandra, the sick Dwarven girl.)
241	14	In Search of Crimson Moss (Grand See Rahorakti tells you that to make the medicine that Kassandra needs, he needs the "Crimson Moss." It can be obtained by hunting the Taik Orc Supply Leader at the Cemetary. Bring back 5 of them Monsters to be hunted - Taik Orc Supply Leader)
241	15	Meet the Grand Seer (Take the Crimson Moss to Grand Seer Rahorakti.)
241	16	Kassandra (Take the medicine Grand Seer Rahorakti gave you to Kassandra.)
241	17	Return to Virgil (Virgil, Kassandra's grandfather, wants to see you.)
241	18	Meet the Lady of the Lake (There is a gathering of people who worship the Lady of the Lake. Meet one member of that group, Caradine, in the Town of Goddard.)
241	19	Meet the Lady of the Lake (There is a gathering of people who worship the Lady of the Lake. One Caradine, one member of that group. She can be found in the Town of Goddard.)
241	20	Meet the Lady of the Lake (There is a gathering of people who worship the Lady of the Lake. One Caradine, one member of that group. She can be found in the Town of Goddard.)
241	21	Meet the Lady of the Lake (There is a gathering of people who worship the Lady of the Lake. One Caradine, one member of that group. She can be found in the Town of Goddard.)
241	-1	[completed]
242	1	A Girl's Nightmare (Have a conversation with Kassandra, Virgil's granddaughter.)
242	2	Scenery in the Dream (Talk to Ogmar regarding the vision Kassandra saw in her dream.)
242	3	Into the Swamp of Screams (Go to the place Ogmar told you about and look for clues.)
242	4	Find a Clue (As suggested by the Mysterious Dark Knight, go investigate the Angel corpses.)
242	5	Golden Clue (You've discovered a strand of blonde hair from an Angel's corpse. Take it to Mysterious Dark Knight.)
242	6	In Search of the Witch (Take the strand of blonde hair you found from the angel's corpse and go see Witch Kalis.)
242	7	Meet the Witch's Disciple (Go to Alchemist Matild, pick up an ingredient needed for sorcery, and bring it back.)
242	8	Back to Witch Kalis (You've received the ingredient needed for the practice of sorcery from Alchemist Matild. Now take it with you and return to Witch Kalis.)
242	9	To the Valley of Saints (Witch Kalis knows the whereabouts of the Lady of the Lake. She's in the Valley of Saints.)
242	10	A Closer Look at the Unicorn (All the cornerstones that trapped the Fallen Unicorn have disappeared. Now check on the unicorn.)
242	11	Return to Kassandra (You've rescued the Lady of the Lake who had taken on the appearance of a pure white unicorn. Return to Kassandra in the Rune Township.)
242	-1	[completed]
245	1	Monsters of the Blazing Swamp (Head Blacksmith Ferris of Aden Town Square asked to bring 15 Blazing Ashes by going to the Blazing Swamp. Monsters to hunt: Lava Wyrm and Swamp Predator)
245	2	Return to Ferris (All Blazing Ashes have been collected. Go back to Head Blacksmith Ferris.)
245	3	Another Mission (The sponsor gave Head Blacksmith Ferris items needed for making weapons. It says that Head Blacksmith Ferris has something to say about. Go to see Head Blacksmith Ferris.)
245	4	A Sally for Growth (Head Blacksmith Ferris lastly asks to bring Crystals of Experience after defeating Hames Orc Footsoldier, Hames Orc Sniper, Hames Orc Shaman, and Hames Orc Prefect locating in the Blazing Swamp. However, he says that you must defeat Hames Orc Footsoldier, Hames Orc Sniper, Hames Orc Shaman, and Hames Orc Prefect while the sponsor is watching over. Monsters to hunt: Hames Orc Footsoldier, Hames Orc Sniper, Hames Orc Shaman, and Hames Orc Prefect)
245	5	Back to Ferris (All Crystals of Experience have been collected. Go back to Head Blacksmith Ferris.)
245	-1	[completed]
246	1	Meet Ossian (Ask Ossian what you need to do to restore the strength of the Lady of the Lake.)
246	2	Oppressors of Splendor (Recover the Ring of Goddess: Waterbinder and Necklace of Goddess: Evergreen. The ring can be obtained from a Pilgrim of Splendor and the necklace can be obtained from a Judge of Splendor. Monsters to be hunted - Pilgrims of Splendor and Judges of Splendor)
246	3	Recovered Ring and Necklace (You've recovered the Ring of Goddess: Waterbinder and the Necklace of Goddess: Evergreen. Take them to Ossian in the Town of Goddard.)
246	4	In Search of Priceless Power (You have a choice. You can go to the Valley of Saints and confront Barakiel, the Flame of Splendor, slay him and recover the Rain Song, Staff of the Goddess. Or, the alternative is that you can obtain 100 Rain Song, Staff of the Goddess  Fragments from Wailing of Splendor, Fang of Splendor, Crown of Splendor, and Signet of Splendor. After either obtaining Rain Song, Staff of the Goddess or 100 Staff Fragments, return to Ossian.)
246	5	To Ossain (You seem to have gained the precious power that Ossian seeks. Bring it to Ossian in the Town of Goddard.)
246	6	To the Ivory Tower (Deliver the three sacred relics of the goddess to Magister Ladd at the Ivory Tower.  He's discovered a way to tap the sacred power contained within them.)
246	-1	[completed]
247	1	Meaningful Encounter (Finally, it's time for you to meet the Lady of the Lake. Have a conversation with Caradine and you can meet her.)
247	2	Meeting Place (The Lady of the Lake is waiting for you here. Speak with her and wake the precious soul that lies dormant within you!)
247	-1	[completed]
249	1	Uncomfortable Conversation with Johnny (Captain Mouen in Oren has been waiting for a message back from the investigators sent to the Plains of Lizardmen. Find out what's holding things up by talking to Chief Investigator Johnny.)
249	-1	[completed]
250	1	Plants in the Plains of Lizardmen (Go to the Plains of Lizardmen and take the Spores of Fantasy Mushrooms and Sticky Mushroom and the leaves of Energy Plant.  Monsters to be hunted - Fantasy Mushrooms, Sticky Mushrooms, and Energy Plant)
250	2	Master Horticulturist (Spores of Fantasy Mushrooms and Sticky Mushrooms and the leaves of Energy Plant are all gathered. Take them to the investigation member Sally.)
250	-1	[completed]
251	1	Sel Mahum Intel (Sel Mahums are being trained at the Sel Mahum Training Grounds. Find any documentation on Sel Mahum training. Instructors and Recruits should have this information.  Monsters to be hunted - Sel Mahum Drill Sergeant, Sel Mahum Recruit)
251	2	Intel Gathered (Found a good amount of training material on the Sel Mahum. Go back to the Guard Pinaps of Oren Village.)
251	-1	[completed]
252	1	Find out what is causing that delicious smell. (Guard Stan of Oren Village wants to know about the smell coming out of the Sel Mahum Training Grounds. Go through the pockets of Sel Mahum Chef and Sel Mahum Squad Leaders to see if you can find information about the Sel Mahum's new stew.)
252	2	Possible clues to the soup found. (Gathered information from Sel Mahum. Go back and speak to Guard Stan of Oren Village.)
252	-1	[completed]
254	1	History Repeating (Gilmore says that the Legendary Hero killed fierce dragons and that you must do the same. Monsters to be hunted - Emerald Horn, Dust Rider, Bleeding Fly, Black Dagger Wing, Shadow Summoner, Spike Slasher, Muscle Bomber)
254	2	Return to Gilmore (You've killed all the dragons.)
254	-1	[completed]
257	1	War with the Primitive Tribe (The plan to move the people of Gludio to Talking Island has been announced. The island must be made safe for them. Eliminate the Orcs and werewolves and bring proof to the Lord. Then, you'll be rewarded. Hunt Orcs, Orc archers, Orc fighters, Orc lieutenants, Orc fighter leaders, werewolves, werewolf hunters and werewolf chieftains.)
257	-1	[completed]
258	1	Wolf Pelts (Sir Windawood asks Trader Lector to create leather equipment for the militia. Lector is a great tailor, but is short of materials. He asks you to collect forty wolf pelts and bring them to him right away.)
258	2	Return to Trader Lector (You've collected 40 wolf pelts. Take them to Trader Lector so he can make leather armor for the militia.)
258	-1	[completed]
259	1	Establish a Ranch! (Edmond and his friend Marius want to build a ranch on Talking Island, but giant spiders are killing their livestock. They are offering rewards to hunters based on the number of spiders' husks that they bring back. If you take the husks to Marius, Edmond's partner, you will receive supplies. Hunt giant spiders, blade spiders and talon spiders.)
259	-1	[completed]
260	1	Hunt for Kaboo Orcs (The Kaboo Orcs in the Misty Mountains have begun attacking the Elven Forest. The Hierarch has ordered Sentinel Rayen to recruit warriors to battle them. The Hierarch will reward those who destroy Kaboo Orcs and bring proof.)
260	-1	[completed]
261	1	Collect Spider Legs (Alshupes, a collector of unusual claws and pelts, is interested in giant spiders. He asks you to bring him eight legs of crimson spiders, hook spiders or pincer spiders.)
261	2	Return to Alshupes (You have collected eight legs of giant spiders. Take them to Alshupes to receive your reward.)
261	-1	[completed]
262	1	Spore Fungus (Trader Vollodos, who's had extensive dealing with the Mystics of the Ivory Tower, tells you that lately many Mystics are looking for fungus spores. He offers you a reward if you'll bring him fungus spores. He tells you that you can obtain spores by slaying spore fungi in the Dark Forest. Hunt green fungi and blood fungi.)
262	2	Return to Trader Vollodos (You have collected 10 spore sacs. Take them to Trader Vollodos in the Dark Elf Village for a reward.)
262	-1	[completed]
263	1	Hunt for Balor Orcs (Balor Orcs have invaded the Dark Forest, and the Dark Elves are fiercely defending their territory from their former slaves. Defeat the Balor Orcs and bring proof to Sentry Kayleen for a reward. Hunt Balor Orc archers, Balor Orc fighters, Balor Orc lieutenants and Balor Orc fighter leaders.)
263	-1	[completed]
264	1	Collect Claws (Trader Payne is a famous maker of arrowheads. Recently he was asked by Sir Kiel Nighthawk to make hooked arrows from wolf claws. In order to make the arrows in time, he needs someone to help him to collect the ingredients. Collect and bring him fifty wolf claws. Hunt ashen wolves and goblins.)
264	2	Return to Trader Payne (You've collected 50 wolf claws. Take them to Trader Payne so that he can make the arrows.)
264	-1	[completed]
265	1	Imp Shackle (The imps were created to serve the Dark Elves, but recently have broken the spell that had been binding them and escaped into the woods. The Dark Elven Tetrarchs are preparing a spell to recapture the imps, but they must have an imp shackle. Go to the Dark Elven Forest and take an imp shackle to Sentry Kristin. Hunt imps and imp elders.)
265	-1	[completed]
266	1	Collect Fangs (The Queen of the Pixies is preparing a spell to protect nesting birds in the Elven Forest from keltirs and wolves. Pixy Murika has been ordered to collect the ingredients needed. She asks you to bring her 100 red keltir or gray wolf fangs. She will reward you with a sparkling stone that was found in the forest. Hunt young red keltirs, red keltirs, elder red keltirs and gray wolves.)
266	2	Return to Pixy Murika (You have collected 100 fangs. Take them to Pixy Murika so that the birds in the Elven Forest can be protected.)
266	-1	[completed]
267	1	Goblin Hunting (The olen treants guarding the Elven Forest seek revenge on the goblins that damaged the forest. So far the sly goblins have managed to escape punishment. Treant Bremec asks for your help. Defeat the goblins and return the clubs that they stole to Treant Bremec and you shall be rewarded. Hunt the goblin raider.)
267	-1	[completed]
268	1	Hunting Kasha Spiders (Countless animals near the Orc Village are being contaminated and dying off because of a curse from Kasha, the evil spirit of decay and death. Orc Trader Kunai of the Duda-Mara tribe asks you to obtain some Kasha Spider's Rotten Secretion to use in investigating the cause.  Monsters to be hunted - Kasha Spider, Kasha Fang Spider, Kasha Blader Spider)
268	2	Return to Kunai (You have killed the Kasha Spiders that were contaminated by the curse of Kasha, the evil spirit of decay and death, and you have collect all 30 Kasha Spider's Rotten Secretions. Return to Trader Kunai in the Orc Village.)
268	-1	[completed]
269	1	Collect Energy Ore (Inventor Maru asks you to collect Energy Ore, which she needs as ingredients for her energy conversion device experiment. Energy Ore can be easily obtained from almost all the monsters in the Eastern Mining Zone.  Monsters to be hunted -  Red Eye Barbed Bat, Northern Trimden, Kerope Werewolf, Northern Goblin, Spine Golem, Kerope Werewolf Chief, Northern Goblin Leader, Enchanted Spine Golem)
269	-1	[completed]
270	1	Bring on the Noise (Priest Greymore infiltrated the Monastery of Silence and says that he will reward anyone who defeats the monks of the monastery.   Monsters to Hunt - Solina Savior, Solina Seeker, Solina Ascetic, Divine Judge, Divine Manager, Divine Worshipper, Divine Guardian, Divine Fighter, Divine Magus)
270	2	Return to Greymore (You've defeated the Monks in the Monastery of Silence and collected the Monks' Rags. Now return to Priest Greymore who is hiding inside the Monastery of Silence.)
270	-1	[completed]
271	1	Kasha Wolf Fang (Praetorian Rukain treats young Orcs as if they were children. He believes that those who wish to become Orc Fighters must prove their valor by hunting kasha wolves and bringing back fifty of their fangs.)
271	2	Return to Praetorian Rukain (You have taken 50 fangs from the kasha wolves. You have done what it takes to become a brave Orc Fighter. Return to Praetorian Rukain and receive your Proof of Valor.)
271	-1	[completed]
272	1	The Terrible End of a Grave Robber (Seer Livina says that the spirits of the ancestors have been angered by repeated desecrations of Utuku graves by goblin grave robbers. Kill the goblin grave robbers and bring back fifty of their heads. Only then can Seer Livina perform a ritual that will calm the anger of the ancestors. You will find the goblin grave robbers in Valley of Heroes and the goblin tomb raider leaders on the northern Immortal Plateau.)
272	2	Return to Seer Livina (You have collected 50 heads of goblin grave robbers. Take them to Seer Livina.)
272	-1	[completed]
273	1	Rakeclaw Imp (Atuba Chief Varkees reports that Rakeclaw imps have invaded the Immortal Plateau, polluting the Holy Land of the Orcs. He explains that Rakeclaw imps were created and are being controlled by someone who uses witchcraft. Defeat the vile invaders and collect the soulstones embedded in their hearts to find out who is controlling them. If you bring the red soul stones back to Varkees, you'll receive a greater reward. In Valley of Heroes you must kill Rakeclaw imps and Rakeclaw imp hunters. On the northern Immortal Plateau, hunt Rakeclaw imp chieftains.)
273	-1	[completed]
274	1	Blood Relatives' Revenge (War has been declared against the Maraku Werewolves who have dared to kill the Pa'agrio Lord's messenger! They have sent the messenger's head to us in spite! Prefect Brukurse asks you to slay the Maraku Werewolves and to bring back forty of their heads.)
274	2	Return to Prefect Brukurse (You have collected 40 Maraku werewolf heads. Take them to Prefect Brukurse.)
274	-1	[completed]
275	1	Baranka's Messenger (Baranka is plotting the destruction of the Orc kingdom. He's using darkwing bats to spy on the Orcs. The Magisters have requested darkwing bat fangs in order to protect their territories from the approaching beasts. Neruga Chief Tantus has asked that you hunt darkwing bats and bring back seventy of their fangs. Hunt darkwing bats and Baranka's trackers.)
275	2	Return to Neruga Chief Tantus (You've collected 70 darkwing bat fangs that can be used to stop Baranka's influence. Take them to Neruga Chief Tantus and set up a magic force field that will block Baranka's spell.)
275	-1	[completed]
276	1	Purification of the Grizzlies (Many gray bears on the Immortal Plateau have recently become possessed with the evil spirit of Kasha, the spirit of death and decay. This worries Seer Tanapi, who explains that the gray bear is the protective totem of the Hestui Orc tribe. He asks you to kill the possessed gray bears and put their souls to rest. While hunting kasha bears, you will run into the Kasha bear totem spirit. Kill it and take the proof to Seer Tanapi. Hunt Kasha bears and Kasha bear totem spirits.)
276	2	Return to Seer Tanapi (You've obtained the crystals of the Kasha bear totem spirits! Take them to Seer Tanapi.)
276	-1	[completed]
277	1	Collect Starstones (Gatekeeper Tamil says that in order to complete his teleport magic, he needs the aid of the totem spirit of the spider. To get this, he must make regular offerings. He asks you to collect 20 Starstones from the greystone golems. He will reward you with a token for a free teleportation to Gludin.)
277	2	Return to Gatekeeper Tamil (You've collected 20 Starstones by knocking down Greystone Golem. Bring them to Gatekeeper Tamil and have a new ritual ceremony.)
277	-1	[completed]
278	1	Kill the Bandits (Tunatun is concerned about the future of his farm while the Sel Mahum Farm Bandits and Ravagers are stealing his herd. Collect 300 Sel Mahum Mane's as proof that you have eliminated these bandits.  Monsters to be hunted - Farm Bandit, Farm Bandit)
278	2	Return to Tunatun (You have collected all Sel Mahum Manes. Go speak with Tunatun.)
278	-1	[completed]
279	1	Collect ingredients (Defeat monsters in the Tower of Infinitum and collect ingredients for the Seal Breaker so you can confront Demon Prince and Ranku.  Monsters to be hunted - Cosmic Scout, Cosmic Watcher, Cosmic Priest, and Cosmic Lord.)
279	2	Collection Complete (All the ingredients for the Seal Breaker have been found. Talk to Jerian to have the ingredients transmuted.)
279	-1	[completed]
280	1	Food Chain (Marksman Bixon says that Grey Keltirs and Black Wolves are gathered near the entrance to the Kamael Village. The problem is that when they gather, dangerous high-level monsters that feed on them also gather. Hunt the Grey Keltirs and Black Wolves, and bring their fangs back to Marksman Bixon. Monsters to be hunted - Young Grey Keltir, Grey Keltir, Dominant Grey Keltir, Black Wolf, Dominant Black Wolf)
280	-1	[completed]
281	1	Monsters of the Hills of Gold (Eliminate the green Goblins, Mountain Werewolf, Mostro Archer, Mountain Werewolf Chief, Mostro Guard and Hill Fungus that all threaten the safety of Golden Hills, the peaceful massive transportation detour route connecting the port and Kamael village, then collect the Monsters' Claws in Golden Hills. Monsters to be hunted - green Goblins, Mountain Werewolf, Mostro Archer, Mountain Werewolf Chief, Mostro Guard and Hill Fungus)
281	-1	[completed]
283	1	Crimson Spider Claw (Cave of Souls Vice Hierarch Perwan ordered you to kill Crimson Spiders in Mimir's Forest and bring their claws as proof.  Monster to Hunt - Crimson Spiders)
283	-1	[completed]
284	1	Collect Muertos Feathers (Go kill the Muertos in Mirmir's Forest and take their feathers to the merchant, Trevor.  Monsters to be hunted - Muertos Guards, Muertos Scouts, Muertos Warriors, Muertos Guard Captain, Muertos Lieutenant, and the Muertos Warrior Commander.)
284	-1	[completed]
286	1	Cave Muertos (Feathers from the Muertos that dwell within Nornil's Cave are a hot ticket item right now!  Defeat Captain-class Muertos to collect 80 feathers for Trader Erinu in Kamael Village. Monsters to be hunted - Cave Muertos Guard Captain, Cave Muertos Warrior, Cave Muertos Archer, Cave Muertos Commander, Cave Muertos Wizard)
286	2	Return to Erinu (You have collected the 80 Captain Muertos Feathers that Erinu requested. Return to Trader Erinu.)
286	-1	[completed]
287	1	The Power Behind the Lizardmen (Laki says that to understand the changing Tanta Lizardmen, she needs samples of their blood.  If you collect at least 100 samples and talk to Laki, you will get a reward accordingly.)
287	-1	[completed]
288	1	Defeat Tanta Seer Uguros (Defeat the Seer of Tanta Ugoros and receive the lizard scale. If you stop the Seer of Tanta Ugoros from getting help from Abyss Weed, you will be able to get the best-quality lizard scale.   Monsters to be hunted - Seer of Tanta Ugoros)
288	2	High-quality Lizardmen Scale (Received the high-quality lizard scale from the Seer of Tanta Ugoros  Let's return to Ankumi.)
288	3	Highest-quality Lizardmen Scale (Received the highest-quality lizard scale from the Seer of Tanta Ugoros  Let's return to Ankumi.)
288	-1	[completed]
289	1	Taking back the Soup (Guard Stan thinks that the way to defeat the Sel Mahum is to take away their soup. Use foul fruit to poison the soup, weakening the Sel Mahum. The effect of the fruit will last for 3 minutes. Then defeat Sel Mahum to gather at least 100 full soup barrels and head back to Guard Stan of Oren Village.)
289	-1	[completed]
290	1	Sel Mahum Termination (The Sel Mahum Army is growing at a faster rate than expected. Kill as many Sel Mahum as possible to reduce threat that they pose. Collect 400 Sel Mahum ID Tags as proof that you have thinned out their numbers.  Monsters to be hunted - Sel Mahum Sergeant, Sel Mahum Training Instructor, Sel Mahum Recruit, Sel Mahum Soldier.)
290	-1	[completed]
291	1	Maryse's Anger (Maryse Redbonnet lost her family and very nearly her own life to wolves as a child, and therefore burns with hatred for them. She asks that you hunt the black wolves around the village, gather forty of their pelts and bring them back to her. She will reward you with her grandmother's heirloom.)
291	2	Maryse's Revenge (As Maryse Redbonnet requested, you've hunted wolves and collected 40 wolf pelts. Take them to her.)
291	-1	[completed]
292	1	Goblin Hunting (Elder Spiron of the Golden Wheel Guild says that his guild has suffered extensive trade losses recently because of goblin brigands, and asks you to purge them from the mountains. Defeat the goblins, collect their necklaces and bring them back for a reward. Hunt goblin snoopers, goblin brigands, goblin brigand lieutenants, goblin brigand leaders and the goblin lord.)
292	2	Suspicious Contract (When you re-assemble the pieces of the memo, you see that it's a contract between the Silver Scale Guild and a bandit. Elder Spiron of the Golden Wheel Guild and Balanki of the Silver Scale Guild would both find this very interesting... Or you could continue to hunt... Hunt the goblin snoopers, goblin brigands, goblin brigand lieutenants, goblin brigand leaders and the goblin lord.)
292	-1	[completed]
293	1	Chrysolite (Elder Filaur of the Gray Pillar Guild asks you for help in searching for hidden Chrysolite veins. Defeat the Utuku Orcs and bring the Chrysolite Ore they possess to receive a reward. Also collect the four pieces of the map that reveals the location of the vein, and take them to Maphr Priestess Chichirin who will put them together for you. Then, take the map to Elder Filaur to claim a great reward. Hunt Utuku Orcs, and Utuku Orc Grunts in Frozen Valley. Hunt Utuku Orc Archers in the Western Mining Zone.)
293	-1	[completed]
294	1	Hardin's Request (The notorious Black Mage Hardin has asked the Bronze Key Guild to gather bat fangs. For unknown reasons Elder Keef has accepted this request and begun covert dealings with Hardin. Hardin has asked them to slay blade bats or barbed bats and bring back 100 of their fangs. It's dirty work, but the warriors of the guild are happy to do it. You must be very discreet. Hunt blade bats and barbed bats.)
294	2	Return to Bronze Key's Keef (You've collected 100 bat fangs. Hurry and take them to Elder Keef of the Bronze Key Guild before anyone sees you.)
294	-1	[completed]
295	1	Collect Floating Stones (Elder Arin, leader of the Black Anvil Guild, has long dreamed of mastering the technology of the Titans and developing the ultimate flying machine. He requires research materials. He asks you to collect 50 floating stones and bring them to him. These stones may be obtained by hunting magical weavers.)
295	2	Return to Arin (You have collected 50 floating stones. Take them to Elder Arin of the Black Anvil Guild in Dwarven Village to claim your reward.)
295	-1	[completed]
296	1	Material for Formal Wear (The king of Elmore has requested the best spider silk formal wear to be made for the emissaries that are being dispatched to Aden. Trader Mion, a tailor from the Silver Scale Guild, doesn't have enough material and asks you to collect tarantula spider silk. Kill the hunter tarantulas and plunder tarantulas and bring back their silk for a reward. Spider silk may also be acquired by taking tarantula spinnerettes to Defender Nathan. Monsters to be hunted - hunter tarantulas and plunder tarantulas.)
296	-1	[completed]
297	1	Collect Starstones (Gatekeeper Wirphy of the Dwarven Village is made from the technology of ancient giants. She is exhausted after teleporting a large group of traders. She asks you to collect 20 Starstones, the ancient giants' source of energy, and bring them to her. Hunt the whinstone golems.)
297	2	Wirphy's Energy Source (You have obtained 20 Starstones. Take them to Gatekeeper Wirphy in Dwarven Village.)
297	-1	[completed]
298	1	The Guard's Report (Magister Rohmer of the Town of Gludio has been observing the activities of the Maille Lizardmen on the west side of town.  Guard Praga asks you to deliver the data and reports his men have collected to Magister Rohmer.)
298	2	Search for Beads (The Maille Lizardmen slowly and menacingly approach the castle. Their secret power will soon be revealed.  Magister Rohmer can render their sorcery useless if he can only get enough beads. Bring him some beads.  Monsters to be hunted - Maille Lizardmen Warriors, Maille Lizardman Shamans, Maille Lizardman Matriarchs, Poison Araneids and King Araneids)
298	3	Collection Complete (You've discovered clues to the conspiracy between the Maille Lizardmen and the arachnids. Return to Magister Rohmer.)
298	-1	[completed]
299	1	Collecting Honey Pouches (Mrs. Emily wants to bake a pie for the tea party at the temple this weekend. Collect honey from wasps in the Beehive area. Monsters to be hunted - Wasp Leaders and Workers)
299	2	Collection of Honey Pouches Completed (After much hard work,  you've collected 100 pouches of honey. Deliver them to Mrs. Emily.)
299	3	Fetch the Spices (Mrs. Emily asks you to get spices from Miss Lara for her. You wouldn't go to the trouble if she wasn't so pitiful.)
299	4	Deliver the Spices (You've got the spices from Miss Lara. Now return to Mrs. Emily.)
299	5	Fetch the Fruit Basket (Mrs. Emily asks you to get the fruit basket from Bright. You wouldn't help her if she wasn't so old and frail, would you?)
299	6	Deliver the Fruit Basket (Bright tells you to deliver the fruit basket to Mrs. Emily. How can they expect a mercenary like you to deliver fruit to a hobbled old lady?)
299	-1	[completed]
300	1	Hunt Leto Lizardman (Leto Lizardmen on the Plains of the Lizardmen are behaving very strangely. Don't interrupt their ritual, but destroy them, except their Shamans. Monsters to be hunted - Leto Lizardmen, Leto Lizardman Archers, Leto Lizardman Soldiers, Leto Lizardman Chiefs and Leto Lizardman Warriors)
300	2	Collection of Lizardmen's Bracelets Completed (You've collected all the evidence that you hunted Leto Lizardmen. Hurry up and take them to Guard Rath.)
300	-1	[completed]
303	1	Tunath Orcs' Bow (Master Minia of the Fighters Guild is a collector of odd weapons. She has recently become interested in the weaponry of the Tunath Orc marksmen, and asks you to retrieve their arrowheads in the Elven Ruins.)
303	2	Return to Master Minia (You've collected 10 arrowheads from Tunath Orc marksmen. Take them to Master Minia of the Fighters Guild in Talking Island Village.)
303	-1	[completed]
306	1	Soulstone Fragment (Trader Katerina specializes in jewelry. She asks you to go to the Elven Ruins and collect soul ore shards, which were used by ancient Elven mystics. Hunt salamanders and undines in the Elven Ruins to obtain flame shards and ice shards respectively. Hunt salamanders, salamander elders, salamander nobles, undines, undine elders and undine nobles.)
306	-1	[completed]
307	1	Cave Manager (The Dwarf Adventurer Droph, who is exploring the interior of the Giant's Cave, wants to defeat Hekaton Prime and to resume the cave exploration work. You can help him by defeating Hekaton Prime, who manages the Control Device of the Giants. But to call out Hekaton Prime, you must defeat the principal monsters that protect this area in its stead and to collect the books. Monsters to be hunted - Gorgolos, Last Lesser Giant Utenus, Giant Marpanak)
307	2	Hekaton Prime Defeat Complete (You defeated Hekaton Prime. If you let Droph know, you will receive a reward.)
307	-1	[completed]
308	1	Field of Fury (Katensa of the Helvetica Research Facility is trying to begin development in the Fields of Silence and Whispers. Hunt the Mucrokians that block his plans in the reed field, and take that proof back to him. Monsters to be hunted - Mucrokian Fanatics, Mucrokian Ascetics, Mucrokian Saviors, Mucrokian Preachers, Contaminated Mucrokians, Awakened Mucrokians)
308	-1	[completed]
309	1	Purging the Fields (The filthy Mucrokians are contaminating the beautiful fields of Innadril. Atra has asked that you eradicate as many of these vermin as possible. In exchange for their hides, he will give you a valuable reward. Monsters to be hunted - Mucrokian Fanatics, Mucrokian Ascetics, Mucrokian Saviors, Mucrokian Preachers, Awakened Mucrokians and Contaminated Mucrokians)
309	-1	[completed]
310	1	Dirty Beads (Bounty Hunter Kintaijin has asked you to retrieve the Dirty Beads stolen by Billy Haari. The beads can be found in the corpses of Spiked and Cannibalistic Stakatos. Collect 500, then return to Kintaijin to claim your reward. Monsters to be hunted - Spiked Stakato, Cannibalistic Stakato)
310	-1	[completed]
311	1	Ragna Orc's Evil Spirit (Sergeant Chairen in the Den of Evil asks you to defeat the Ragna Orcs, who have become stronger by the power of evil and are threatening the Orc Amulet. Monsters to be hunted - Ragna Orc, Ragna Orc Warrior, Ragna Orc Hero, Ragna Orc Commander, Ragna Orc Healer, Ragna Orc Shaman, Ragna Orc Seer, Ragna Orc Archer, Ragna Orc Sniper, Varangka's Dre Vanul, Varangka's Destroyer)
311	-1	[completed]
312	1	Hunting in the Mithril Mines (Gray Pillar Member Filaur in the Dwarven Village is worried about the recent appearance of powerful monsters in the Mithril Mines. If you defeat these monsters and bring him the proof, he will give you a reward on behalf of his guild. Monsters to be hunted - Grave Robber Summoner, Grave Robber Magician, Grave Robber Worker, Grave Robber Fighter, Grave Robber Warrior of Light, Servitor of Darkness, Phantoms of the Mine, Evil Spirits of the Mine, Mine Bug, Earthworm's Descendant)
312	-1	[completed]
313	1	Research of Spores (The Elven Forest is being slowly contaminated by the poisonous Sea of Spores. The Elven Hierarchs are researching a neutralizer with the aid of Trader Herbiel. Herbiel asks for spore powder, essential to the research. Collect 10 spore sacs from spore fungi found in the Elven Forest and take them to Herbiel.)
313	2	Return to Trader Herbiel (You've collected 10 spore sacs. Take them to Trader Herbiel of the Elven Village so that they can be used for spore research.)
313	-1	[completed]
316	1	Plague Carriers (The ratmen, known by Elves as "the plague carriers," were responsible for an epidemic in the Elven Forest and once fought on the side of the Dark Elves. Understandably, the Elves harbor great bitterness towards them. Master Ellenia asks you to kill the ratmen that are nesting in the Elven Underground Fortress. You must especially destroy Varool Foulclaw, their boss, and bring her back his fangs as proof. She has promised you a reward. Hunt the sukar wererats, the sukar wererat leaders and Varool Foulclaw.)
316	-1	[completed]
317	1	The Spirit of the Storm (Lireins, the spirits of the storm, possess a soulstone known as wind shard in their bodies. Rizraell asks you to collect them to create the Scroll of the Wind. Defeat the lireins and return the wind shards to Rizraell. You will find lireins near the Neutral Zone towards the end of the Elven Forest.)
317	-1	[completed]
319	1	Special Fertilizer (Trader Minaless, who grows herbs on the side, has recently been growing a flower called nightshade. This plant requires a special fertilizer known as zombie dust. You must have zombie skin in order to create zombie dust. Trader Minaless asks you to go to the Marshlands south of the Dark Forest, slay the marsh zombies and bring back five zombie skins.)
319	2	Return to Trader Minaless (You've obtained five zombie skins as requested. Deliver them to Trader Minaless in Dark Elf Village.)
319	-1	[completed]
320	1	Dead Men's Bones (Tetrarch Kaitar tells the future by throwing the bones of the undead. He performs a monthly reading to predict any imminent threat to the Dark Elves. He needs more bone fragments of the undead and asks you to go and collect 10 of them for him. You can obtain them by going to the School of Dark Arts and slaying skeletons.)
320	2	Return to Tetrarch Kaitar (You have collected 10 bone fragments from the undead skeletons. Take them to Tetrarch Kaitar and claim your reward.)
320	-1	[completed]
324	1	Dreviant Wine (Astaron explains that dreviant wine is brewed from spider venom. He wants to use grapes imported from Gludio a while back by Trader Vollodos. He asks that you obtain 10 spider venom sacs which are the most difficult to find among the ingredients he needs. Hunt spiders in the Dark Forest and return the sacs to Astaron for a reward. Hunt Venomous Spiders, Arachnid Trackers and Prowlers.)
324	2	Return to Astaron (You've collected 10 spider venom sacs. Take them to Astaron so he can make dreviant wine.)
324	-1	[completed]
325	1	Collecting Corpses (While discussing the ruins, Guard Curtis speaks of some good work and tells you about Samed. Visit Samed and talk about Curtis. You'll be asked to run an errand.)
325	-1	[completed]
326	1	War with the Ol Mahums (The Black Lion Mercenaries, hired by the Lord of Gludio to dispose of the Ol Mahums, have performed very poorly. Having suffered massive losses, they are recruiting skilled fighters to join their battle against the Ol Mahums. Defeat the Ol Mahums and collect their badges as proof. Leopold will reward you. Monsters to be hunted - Ol Mahum patrols, Ol Mahum guards, Ol Mahum stragglers, Ol Mahum shooters, Ol Mahum captains, Ol Mahum recruits, Ol Mahum suppliers, and Ol Mahum generals.)
326	-1	[completed]
327	1	Turek Orc Hunting (Turek Orcs have infested the previously fertile farmland northwest of Gludio. On behalf of the farmers of Gludio, Farmer Piotur is recruiting mercenaries to drive out the Orcs from their stolen farmland. Slay the Turek Orcs, collect the proofs and take them to Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	2	Piotur's Mercenary (Kill all the Turek Orcs and take proof to Farmer Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	3	Turek Orc Hunting (Slay the Turek Orcs, collect the proofs and take them to Farmer Piotur. He will give you a reward.)
327	4	Relics of the Old Empire (Farmer Piotur explains that Magic Trader Asha, Trader Nestle and Magister Iris of Einhasad Temple are all quite knowledgeable about relics of the old empire.)
327	5	Expert of Relics (According to Leikan, the only people in Gludin Village interested in imperial relics are Magic Trader Asha, Magister Iris of Einhasad Temple, and Trader Nestle in the grocery store.)
327	-1	[completed]
328	1	Find the Magical Ingredients (Trader Sarien sells rare magical ingredients to the Ivory Tower of Oren.   He tells you that you can acquire monster eye meat and jade in the Wastelandss. He also asks you to retrieve a monster eye carcass and a basilisk's gizzard.  Monsters to be hunted -  Monster Eye Watcher, Monster Eye Guard, Monster Eye Beholder, Monster Eye Destroyer, Lesser Basilisk, Basilisk)
328	-1	[completed]
329	1	Golem's Stoneheart (Dwarven Trader Rolento is interested in studying the internal structure and activation methods of golems. He's especially interested in their power source, and asks you to obtain a piece of stone that is known as "Heart Stone." It can be obtained from granite golems or punchers. Monsters to be hunted - punchers and granite golems.)
329	-1	[completed]
330	1	Satisfy Magister Mirien (Chef Jonas is preparing a monster eye steak for a competition. The judge is Magister Mirien, also known as the 'Adept of Taste'. You must collect the highest-quality ingredients in order to satisfy her.)
330	-1	[completed]
331	1	Death Arrow (Guard Belton burns for revenge after losing his family to the land dragon, Antharas. He is making a special arrow of harpy feather, medusa venom, and wyrm's tooth in order to slay the dragon. He asks you to help him collect the ingredients. Monster to)
331	-1	[completed]
333	1	War Mission (Sophya, the captain of the Black Lion Mercenaries, asks that you help to rid the Town of Dion of monsters. Eliminate the undead on the Execution Grounds, the Ol Mahums in the Fortress of Resistance, the Delu Lizardmen on the southern shores and the Marsh Stakato in the Cruma Marshlands.)
333	-1	[completed]
334	1	Secret Keeper Tree (Alchemist Matild has long wished to create a mysterious potion. She has recently discovered its recipe and asks you to bring the ingredients to her. She gives you a book of alchemy, along with directions to the ingredients for the mysterious potion. Find the secret keeper tree.)
334	2	Return to Matild (The secret keeper tree gives you a secret book. Return to Matild.)
334	3	Ingredients for a Wish Potion (Alchemist Matild gives you a list of materials and asks that you help find necessary materials to make a wish potion. Monsters to be hunted - Execution Grounds: Amber Basilisks Windy Hill: Whispering Winds Plains of Dion: Glass Jaguars Cruma Marshlands: Horror Mist Rippers Plains of Dion: Silenos Wastelands: Ant Soldiers, Ant Warrior Captains, Tyrants, Tyrant Kingpins Gorgon Flower Garden: Turak Bugbears, Turak Bugbear Warriors)
334	4	Returning to Matild (You've gathered all the materials. Return to Matild and make a wish potion.)
334	5	Matild's Mark (Matild makes you a wish potion and gives you one bead with a promise to make it again anytime you bring the materials.)
334	-1	[completed]
335	1	Test of the Hunter's Guild (Grey of the Hunter's Guild tells you about the union and says that in order to join, you must pass a test to obtain a hunter's license. Bring back three or more of the items listed on the test to receive a circle 1 hunter's license. Those in possession of such a license may carry out various missions for the guild.)
335	2	Hunting as a 1st Circle Member (You now have the 1st circle hunter license! You can now receive and carry out hunting requests. Visit Hunter's Guild Member Tor and confirm the orders. Or, you could go and meet people that hire hunters.)
335	3	Hunting as a 2nd Circle Member (You now have the 2nd circle hunter license! You're now authorized to receive and carry out the hunting requests that are the purvey of 2nd circle hunters. Visit Tor and confirm the list of orders, or you could go and meet people that hire hunters.)
335	-1	[completed]
336	1	The Leader of the Hunter's Guild (Coin Collector Warehouse Keeper Sorint asks you to meet with Hunter's Guild President Bernard and retrieve the golden dragon of Kaldis.)
336	2	A Coin in The Forest of Mirrors (Bernard's coin is a family heirloom so he will not give it to you. However, you might find something similar in the Forest of Mirrors since the Mystic who gave it to Bernard's ancestor was killed by lizardmen there. Monsters to be hunted - Harit Lizardmen Shaman and Harit Lizardmen Matriarch)
336	3	Return to Sorint (You've obtained Kaldis' gold dragon coin. Take it to Warehouse Keeper Sorint.)
336	4	Level 3 Coin Collecting (Sorint accepts the coin and offers you a Coin Collector Membership Level 3 as a reward. Get the coins by hunting monsters. You can also trade low-grade coins with other Level 3 members. Ask Sorint for details.)
336	5	Level 3 Coin Collectors (You can find other level 3 coin collectors at the following locations: Entrance to Cruma Tower: Researcher Lorain the Town of Oren: Warehouse Keeper Hagger Hunter's Village: Magister Page)
336	6	A Question for Bernard (Ask Bernard what you should hunt to collect coins.)
336	7	Monsters Who Drop Coins (The following monsters are known to drop coins -  Hunters Valley: Lakins Plains of Glory: Vanor Silenos Shaman Timak Outpost: Timak Orcs War-Torn Plains: Hatar Hanishees Forest of Evil: Formors, Tarlk Bugbears Outlaw Forest: Ol Mahums Watcher's Tomb: Maluk Succubus Turens, Headless Knights, Royal Cave Servants, Shackles Fields of Massacre: Grave Lich, Doom Servant, Doom Archer, Doom Knight Garden of Wild Beasts: Kookaburra, Antelope, Bandersnatch, Buffalo Valley of Saints: Claws of Splendor, Wisdom of Splendor, Punishment of Splendor, Wailing of Splendor Ancient Battleground: Hungered Corpse, Bloody Ghost, Nihil Invader, Dark Guard Take any coins you collect to Warehouse Keeper Sorint.)
336	8	Moving Up to Level 2 (To advance your membership level, you must obtain the following low-grade coins. Trade with other members for them and then take them to Sorint.)
336	9	Level 2 member (You've become a level 2 member of the Coin Collector's Club. You're now eligible for the level 2 premium and may trade with level 2 members. Members who can be traded with at present:  Level 2 Member the Town of Oren: Guard Stan Hunter's Village: Blacksmith Duning Underground Shop)
336	10	Moving Up to Level 1 (To become a Level 1 member, you must collect mid-grade coins. Take them to Sorint.)
336	11	Level 1 Membership (You have become the 1st level member of the Coin Club. All free gifts are subject to any trade by Sorint and all members can take part in the trade. 1st level member Town of Aden  : Head blacksmith Peris Town of Giran : Warehouse keeper Collob Town of Floran : Grocer Pano 2nd level member Town of Oren : Guard Stan Hunters' Village : Blacksmith Dunning Ivory Tower underground store : Magic merchant Rapin 3rd level member Entrance to the Tower of Cruma : Researcher Lorain Town of Oren : Warehouse keeper Hagger Town of Hunters : Magister Peggie)
336	-1	[completed]
337	1	Guardian of the Seals (The quest to obtain the portal stone, needed to enter Antharas' Lair. Seal Watchman Gabrielle warns that Antharas has been awakened, and asks you to join the party going to slay the dragon.  She says that Antharas' Lair is surrounded by a magical field and is unapproachable, but she thinks that the portal stone may activate the heart of the field and allow one to pass through. Only those acknowledged by the seal watchmen may receive the stone. Follow Gabrielle's instructions and visit the other four watchmen. Complete their assignments and receive their acknowledgements. The four watchmen of the seal are: Magister Kaiena of the Ivory Tower, Prefect Chakiris of the Hunters' Village, Master Kendra of the Town of Aden and High Priest Orven of the Town of Aden.)
337	2	Abyssal Jewel (Gabrielle says that there are those who long for the awakening of Antharas and that you must prevent their entry. She asks you to meet with Warehouse Chief Moke of Gludin and Blacksmith Helton of Oren. After meeting with them, seek and destroy the Abyssal Jewel.)
337	3	Watchman of the Land Dragon Antharas (Take the Guardian's Mark to Gilmore at the entrance to Dragon Valley.)
337	4	Portal Stone (Kill the cave keeper and cave maidens around the Watcher's Tomb and get the third Abyssal Jewel. Destroy it and take the fragments to Theodric at the entrance to Antharas' Lair.)
337	-1	[completed]
338	1	Alligator Hunting (Accessory Merchant Enverun asks you to join him on a hunting excursion to Alligator Island. He offers to pay you a reward for each alligator pelt.)
338	-1	[completed]
340	1	Subjugation of Felim Lizardmen (Guard Weisz's orders state that you must recover the cargo that belongs to the Aden trade union from the Felim Lizardmen in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds. Recover 30 units of cargo from the Felim Lizardmen, Felim Lizardman scouts and Felim Lizardman warriors.)
340	2	Pilgrims' Remains (The priests of Einhasad request that you retrieve the relics of pilgrims killed by Lizardmen. Go to the temple in Gludin Village and meet with Priest Adonius.)
340	3	Agnes' Relics (Recover Priestess Agnes' rosary and crucifix from the Langk Lizardmen on the southeast shore of Gludio.)
340	4	For the Peace and Safety of Gludio (Priest Adonius requests your assistance in a matter vital to the security of the people of Gludio. Meet with High Priestess Levian at the Einhasad Temple.)
340	5	Slay Bifrons (You must destroy the evil spirit Bifrons, recover the black mark from the box he protects and take it to High Priestess Levian. Bifrons can be found lurking on the south shore of Gludio.)
340	6	Ominous Totem (Take the black mark from Bifron's box to High Priestess Levian in Gludin Village.)
340	7	Return to Weisz (You have fulfilled all the requests made of you by Einhasad Temple. Now return to Guard Weisz.)
340	-1	[completed]
341	1	Bear Hunting (Grocer Pano asks you to drive away the bears that are threatening his proposed fishing resort west of Floran Village. Take 20 pelts to him to claim your reward. Hunt Dion grizzlies in the Dion Hills, grizzly bears and red bears on the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds, and brown bears on Windmill Hill.)
341	-1	[completed]
343	1	Nebulite Orb (Magic Trader Cema asks you to collect Nebulite orbs by killing monsters in a crater near the Ivory Tower of Oren. Dwarven Collector Marsha and Collector Trumpin were originally hired to do this work but Cema has not heard from them since they left. While collecting the orbs, if you happen to run into them, ask them what happened. Hunt manashen gargoyles, enchanted monster eyes, enchanted stone golems and enchanted iron golems.)
343	-1	[completed]
344	1	Relics of the Fallen Soldiers (Antharas Watchman Gilmore seeks to avenge the soldiers who were made undead after failing in their brave attempt to subjugate the evil beast 1,000 years ago. He requests that you destroy the cave servants and recover the belongings of the fallen soldiers. Hunt cave servants, cave servant archers, cave servant warriors, cave servant captains and the royal cave servant.)
344	2	Return to Gilmore (You've collected the fallen heroes' belongings as Gilmore asked you to do. You can't collect any more of these, so report back to Gilmore.)
344	-1	[completed]
345	1	Collecting Victim's Bones (Locksmith Dorothy's friends have gone missing along with the treasure of the Pirate Captain. Perhaps they were eaten by the Crokians on Alligator Beach. Search there for the victims' bones. Monsters to be hunted - Crokian, Crokian Warrior)
345	2	In Search of a Dark Elf (You find Dorothy's friends' bones but no other clues. Dorothy tells you a rumor of a clay jar, in the possession of the Dark Elf Guild, that supposedly has the power to raise the dead.)
345	3	Medium's Jar (Magister Xenovia sells you the magic powder needed to summon dead souls with the clay jar.)
345	6	What Dorothy Wanted (You have spoken with the spirit of the victim through the medium's jar.)
345	7	Who is this? (The spirit in the medium's jar was no friend of Dorothy.)
345	-1	[completed]
347	1	To the Trade Guild (You must travel to the Dwarven Village to obtain a newly developed calculator for the blacksmith Brunon, who has promised a considerable reward. The Trade Guild will have information regarding the device.)
347	2	Where is the Female Dwarf? (You learn that the calculator is in the possession of a female Dwarf, somewhere in the Dwarven Village. Go look for more information.)
347	3	He is closer to you than you think perhaps? (Clues suggest that the device is closer than you think. Keep looking for more information.)
347	4	I've got it! (Hmm... A female dwarf in Dwarven Village is in possession of the calculator and the person is closer than I think? I've got it! I know the answer!)
347	5	Silvera's Request (Blacksmith Silvera will give you the calculator in exchange for 10 gemstone beasts.)
347	6	New Model Calculator (Take the calculator to blacksmith Brunon.)
347	-1	[completed]
348	1	The Search Begins (A mysterious, swirling vortex over the tower of an ancient king.)
348	2	Hunt of Lesser Giants (Magister Hanellin tells you to go to the Forsaken Plains, capture Yintzu or Paliote, and to bring back the Shell of Monsters as proof. Monsters to be hunted - Yintzu, Paliote)
348	3	Find Companions (Learning of your wish to work with your companions, Magister Hanellin gives you three flowers and orders you to distribute them to each of your companions and then come back to her.)
348	4	Search by Yourself (You have decided to work alone.)
348	5	Three Sacred Relics (Magister Hanelin asks that you meet with Claudia Athebaldt in the Town of Aden, Martien in Giran Castle Town and Magister Harne in Dark Elf Village. At each meeting you will be given the location of an ark containing a sacred relic. They will mark on the map the location of each ark with a red flag. Once you find and retrieve a sacred relic, the red mark will disappear. Now, go and collect the three sacred relics. (If a flag disappears before you find a sacred relic, return to the person who marked its location on the map and make your inquiry again. The flag will reappear). If anything gets in your way, kill it and get the sacred relics.)
348	6	Owner of the White Flower (Upon receiving the white flower Magister Hanellin gives you a letter and asks you to take it to Magister Harne in Dark Elf Village.)
348	7	Owner of the Red Flower (Upon receiving the red flower Magister Hanellin gives you a letter and asks you to take it to Claudia Athebaldt in the Town of Aden.)
348	8	Owner of the Yellow Flower (Upon receiving the yellow flower Magister Hanellin gives you a letter and asks that you take it to Martien in Giran Castle Town.)
348	9	In Search of Sacred Arks (Claudia Athebaldt explains that although she possesses the sacred chest she cannot open it, as it is being guarded by an angel. She requests that you kill the angel. Kill the ark guardian Elberoth.)
348	10	Locked Sacred Ark (The sacred ark is locked. While examining the lock you are attacked by the ark guardian Elberoth.)
348	11	Key of Sacred Ark (You have defeated Elberoth and retrieved the key to the sacred ark. Open it.)
348	12	Book of Saint (You have unlocked the sacred ark and taken possession of the "Book of Saint". Gather up all three sacred relics and take them to Magister Hanellin in the Town of Aden.)
348	13	In Search of Sacred Arks (Martien explains that although the sacred ark has been located, it is being guarded by a werewolf wearing armor and cannot be opened. He requests that you destroy the ark guardian Shadowfang located near Tanor Canyon southwest of Giran Castle Town. Monster to hunt: ark guardian Shadowfang.)
348	14	Locked Sacred Ark (The sacred ark is locked. As you are examining the lock, Shadowfang suddenly appears in front of you.)
348	15	Key of Sacred Ark (You have slain Shadowfang and taken the key to the ark from him. Open it.)
348	16	Bough of Saint (You've opened the ark and acquired the bough of saint. Gather up all three sacred relics and take them to Magister Hanellin in the Town of Aden.)
348	17	In Search of Sacred Arks (Magister Harne asks that you find a sacred ark hidden in the western Misty Mountains.)
348	18	Corpse of the Guardian of the Sacred Ark (While examining the corpse of the ark guardian, an angel killer appears and claims that he killed the guardian.)
348	19	Key of Sacred Ark (The angel killer tells you about a key hidden on the corpse of the guardian of the ark, and then disappears. Search the corpse for the key and open the sacred ark.)
348	20	Blood of Saint (You have unlocked the ark and acquired the Blood of Saint. Gather up all three sacred relics and take them to Magister Hanellin in the Town of Aden.)
348	21	Magister Hanelin (You have obtained all three sacred relics. Go to Magister Hanellin in the Town of Aden and ask her how to activate the angelic vortex.)
348	22	The time for investigation has come! (You've obtained the three sacred relics and given them to Magister Hanelin. She says she needs time to investigate and asks you to go to a grocery store and buy five antidotes and a Healing Potion for her.)
348	23	White Fabric (Magister Hanellin gives you three pieces of cloth, asks that you distribute them among your companions and then return to her.)
348	24	Blooded Fabric (Magister Hanellin asks that you dip the cloths in the blood of a platinum overlord or a platinum shaman.)
348	25	Blooded Fabric (Magister Hanellin promises to tell you a secret after you have dipped the cloths in the blood of a platinum overlord or platinum shaman.)
348	26	Angel's Blood (Magister Hanellin gives you several white cloths and asks that you dip them in the blood of a seal angel or guardian angel and bring them back to her.)
348	27	Delivery of Blood (Magister Hanellin asks that you deliver the blood-soaked cloths to Sir Gustav Athebaldt in the Town of Oren, to Hardin in Hardin's Academy and Iason Heine in Heine.)
348	28	Will New Blood Be Spilled? (As a reward for successfully completing the delivery, you are given the reward that was promised. Magister Hanellin asks if you would like to continue to work for her.)
348	29	Blood Continues to Be Spilt (Magister Hanellin gives you more white fabric and asks that you kill seal angels and guardian angels. Deliver 10 blood-soaked cloths and you'll receive another reward.)
348	-1	[completed]
350	1	Very Special Weapon (Many Magisters and Maestros have been recruiting volunteers to form a united front against the coming dark days. They have developed methods of strengthening weaponry as a way of empowering individual members of their forces. They tell you that now is the time to grow individual strength to prepare for the approaching darkness and ask you to learn to use enhanced weaponry... Monsters that Soul Crystals can be used on - Watchman's Grave: Malruk Knight, Malruk Berserker, Malruk Lord, Limal Karinness, Karik, Pytan, Pytan Knight Devil's Isle: Bloody Bat, Unpleasant Humming, Death Flyer, Fiend Archer, Musveren, Zaken's Royal Guard, Kaim Vanul, Pirate Zombie Captain, Doll Blader, Veil Master, Sairon, Sairon's Doll, Sairon's Puppet, Light Bringer Timak Outpost: Timak Orc Series, Timak Orc Troop Series Fields of Massacre: Doom Servant, Doom Guard, Doom Archer, Doom Trooper, Doom Warrior, Doom Knight Forsaken Plains: Halingka, Yintzu, Paliote, Hamrut, Kranrot Forest of Mirrors: Forest of Mirrors Ghost, Mirror, Harit Lizardman, Harit Lizardman Grunt, Harit Lizardman Archer Tower of Insolence: Erin Ediunce, Platinum Series, Angel Series Garden of Eva: Nos, Blade Stakato Series, Water Giant, Queen Undine Lad, Eva's Seeker, Theeder Piker, Theeder Mage, Doll Master, Light Worm, Garden Guard Leader, Garden Guard)
350	-1	[completed]
351	1	Subjugation of Tasaba Lizardmen (Captain Gosta of Heine asks you to kill the Tasaba Lizardmen that stole the cargo belonging to Iason Heine's Commercial Guild. Slay the Tasaba Lizardmen and bring back their fangs or the barrels of league that were stolen and Iason Heine will give you a reward. Kill the Tasaba Lizardmen and Tasaba Lizardmen shamans.)
351	2	Iason Heine's Reward (The cargo belonging to the Commercial Guild of Iason Heine has been stolen by Tasaba Lizardmen. You are hunting them. Bring back their fangs and Iason Heine will give you a reward. Recover the barrels of league that were stolen and he will give you some bills of Iason Heine worth 1000 adena each. If you take them to Head Blacksmith Roman in Heine he will exchange them for items.)
351	-1	[completed]
352	1	In Search of Lienrik's Eggs (Obtain an egg of the beautiful animal Lienrik from the Rest Area of the Animals for Heine's Pet Manager Rood, who wants to create a new type of pet. A female egg is supposed to be more rare than a male egg. Monsters to be hunted - Lienrik, Lienrik Lad)
352	-1	[completed]
353	1	Power of Darkness (Galman is a businessman in Dragon Valley. He is very depressed because his lover is dying. Out of desperation he has begun delving into the powers of darkness. He asks you to find him a stone of contract. Hunt the Maluk Succubus and the Maluk Succubus turens.)
353	-1	[completed]
354	1	Subjugation on Alligator Island (Warehouse Keeper Kluck of Heine intends to develop a free trade zone on Alligator Island. He asks you to wipe out the evil creatures there and bring him their teeth as proof. Take 100 or more proofs to him at once and he will give you a bonus. Hunt Crokian Lads, Dailaon Lads, Crokian Lad Warriors, Farhite Lads, Nos Lads and Swamp Tribes.)
354	-1	[completed]
355	1	Recover the Stolen Antiques! (Although Trader Galibredo of the Town of Oren is now a mere merchant, his roots are aristocratic. Some time ago, he purchased several busts made by the ancient sculptor, Berona. As they were being delivered to him they were stolen by Orcs. He desperately wishes to recover the ancient statues, regardless of the cost. He promises an extra reward each time you bring him 100 or more statues. Hunt Timak Orc Troop Archers, Warriors, Troop Leaders and Troop Shamans.)
355	-1	[completed]
356	1	Collect Spores (Magister Gauen of the Ivory Tower wishes to perform an in-depth study of the Sea of Spores. He asks that you bring him 50 Carnivore Spores and 50 Herbivorous Spores. Perhaps he would settle for just 50 of one type... Hunt Rotting Trees and Spore Zombies.)
356	2	Continue collecting? Or will you return? (You've filled a spore sac. Do you wish to fill the other sac or do you wish to return to Magister Gauen at the Ivory Tower? Hunt Rotting Trees and Spore Zombies.)
356	3	Return to Gauen (You've filled up both of the spore sacs. Return to Magister Gauen at the Ivory Tower.)
356	-1	[completed]
357	1	Collect Jade Crystals (Warehouse Keeper Silva wants to become the next Chief Warehouse Keeper and has set her sights on the Jade trade. She requests that you bring her 100 Jade Crystals. If you were to bring her more than 100, you might be rewarded with a bonus... Monsters to be hunted - Forest Runners, Fline Elders, Liele Elders, and Valley Treant Elders)
357	-1	[completed]
358	1	For Divine Glory (Grand Master Oltran of Aden's Dark Elf Guild asks you to get rid of the monsters that are the proof of her insanity in order to achieve the glory of Shillien.  Gather 108 Snake Scales from the monsters that look like her in front of Shillien's Seal and bring them to Grand Master Oltran.  Monsters to be hunted - Falibati, Trives)
358	2	Let's Return To Oltran (You have collected 108 Snake Scales. Take them to Grand Master Oltran of Dark Elf Guild in Aden Castle.)
358	-1	[completed]
359	1	Eternal Rest to Soldiers of the Castle (Elmore's Knight Gustav is using the Undeads of the dead ones who tried to protect Aden. Bring their bones to Priest Orben of Aden to give him peace of mind.  The bones needed for the ritual are 60 pieces.  Monsters to be hunted - Doom Archer, Doom Guard, Doom Servant)
359	2	Return To Orven (You have collected 60 corpses. Take them to High Priest Orven in Aden Castle and perform the ceremony of purification.)
359	3	Prayer for the Dead (Go back to see High Priest Orven after he has finished praying.)
359	-1	[completed]
360	1	Stop the Supply Line! (Monsters are tarnishing the Cemetery where the heroes of the kingdom were buried.  You've participated in the  mop-up operation.  My role is to cut off the supply line.  Extort supplies or documents from the monsters to bring them to the Guard Colmann of Aden Village.   Monsters to be hunted -  Tarlk Orc Guard and Tarik Orc Supply Officer)
360	-1	[completed]
362	1	Swan's Flute (Bard Swan, a secret admirer of Musician Nanarin, wants to give her a rare and precious flute. He asks that you visit Trader Woodrow, an importer of flutes.)
362	2	Toward Giran Harbor (Woodrow explains that if you need an imported flute right away you should see Galion in Giran Harbor.)
362	3	Received Flute (Take the flute you received to Swan in the Town of Dion.)
362	4	Swan's Letter (After looking at the flute, Swan asks you to deliver it to Musician Nanarin along with his letter.)
362	5	Nanarin's Heart (Tell Swan how Nanarin feels about him.)
362	-1	[completed]
363	1	Listen Carefully to the Dwarf (Dark Elf Nanarin, enchanted at the sight of Dwarf Barbado's bountiful beard, wishes to pursue a relationship with him but her pride keeps her from expressing her true feelings. She suggests you find out from the Dwarves in the village what he likes. Ask the Dwarves in the blacksmith shop and the warehouse.)
363	2	Barbado's Favorites (You are finding out from Barbado's friends what kinds of things he likes.)
363	3	Nanarin's Gift (Musician Nanarin gives you something to deliver to Barbado.)
363	4	Barbado's Response (Describe Barbado's reaction to the gift from Nanarin.)
363	-1	[completed]
364	1	Barbado's Request (Barbado explains that he has long been an admirer of Swan's music and his fondest wish is to someday play a duet with him. Swan has not responded to his invitation, and Barbado has gotten the impression that Swan is avoiding him. Barbado asks you to visit Swan on his behalf.)
364	2	Swan's Errand (You are asked to run an errand for Bard Swan. Obtain a black beer from Jonas' box and deliver it to Trader Sabrin. Obtain a garment from Sonia's box and give it to Guard Xaber.)
364	3	Consent to an Ensemble (Troubadour Swan has agreed to perform in an ensemble. Relay this news to Barbado.)
364	-1	[completed]
365	1	Bring Back the Treasure Chest (Pirate Zaken's followers imprisoned him on Devil's Isle and stole his treasure, but he eventually got his revenge by killing them all and turning them into Pirate Zombies and Pirate Zombie Captains. You must go there, conduct an investigation, recover the stolen treasure, and take it to Warehouse Keeper Randolf in Giran Castle Town.)
365	-1	[completed]
366	1	Bring Back a Strand of Silver Hair (Magister Dieter of Giran Castle Town wishes to obtain the silver hair of Sairon which can be found on Devil's Isle. Rumor says that this hair is what gives the doll its power. Go to Devil's Isle and slay Sairon, her doll and puppet, and then take some of her silver hair to Magister Dieter.)
366	-1	[completed]
367	1	Bzzt Bzzt Wow, What a Blast! (Researcher Lorain says that she has discovered the secret of the Titan's energy. She asks that you use an ancient item in a fight against Catherok, the monster of Cruma Tower and thereby expose the ancient item to the influence of the skill Catherok uses.)
367	2	Lamp that Shines More Brightly (The Titan lamp must be returned to Lorain.)
367	-1	[completed]
368	1	Protect the Garden of Eva (The Garden of Eva is the goddess' sanctuary. Lately, monsters have been invading it, and the garden guards are overwhelmed. Priestess Restina of Heine has requested the help of outsiders to drive out the monsters. Kill blade stakatos, blade stakato workers, blade stakato warriors, and blade stakato drones.)
368	-1	[completed]
369	1	Jewel Collection (Magister Nell is researching the Forgotten Temple. After learning of a relationship between the Forgotten Temple and the Elven Ruins, she asks you to bring her back broken fragments of elemental stone. Obtain 50 flame shards and 50 ice shards. Hunt roxides, lakin undines, rowin undines, death fires, lakin salamanders and salamander rowins.)
369	2	Return to Nell (You have collected 50 ice shards and 50 flame shards. Take them to Magister Nell in Gludin Village.)
369	3	Jewel Collection For the Sake of Love (You have collected the spirit ore needed for Nell's research. Her instructor now requests that you bring him some ore, too. Hunt the roxide, lakin undine, rowin undine, death fire, lakin salamander and salamander rowin.)
369	4	Gift for Nell (You have collected 200 ice shards and 200 flame shards. You must take these heavy items to Magister Nell in Gludin Village.)
369	-1	[completed]
370	1	Find Kranvel's Spellbook (Great Magus Kranvel's Spellbook has been opened for the upcoming fight with Beleth. The magic power emanating from the book has destroyed fertile farmland and produced weird and grotesque creatures. Filled with rage and grief, Spellsinger Diena destroyed the magus's Spellbook. Rumor says it is now located in the Ant Nest. Elder Casian wishes to open Great Magus Kranvel's Spellbook again. Obtain the Great Magus Kranvel's Spellbook so he can recultivate the Wastelands. Kill Ant Recruits, Ant Patrols, Ant Guards, Noble Ants and Noble Ant Leaders.)
370	-1	[completed]
371	1	Ancient Ash Urn (Seer Reva of the Town of Aden asks you to find an ancient ash urn. You can obtain it by going to the Tower of Insolence and killing Elmoreden's Lady, Archer Escort, Maid, and Escort Guard. You will receive an extra reward if you bring back 100 ash urns at once. If in your search you happen to find an ancient porcelain, take it to antique dealer Patrin in the Town of Oren and get it appraised. Monsters to hunt: Elmoreden's Lady, Elmoreden's Archer Escort, Elmoreden's Maid, and Elmoreden's Guardian Warrior.)
371	-1	[completed]
372	1	In Search of Ancient Documents (Warehouse Keeper Walderal belongs to the Gray Pillar Guild. He needs a blueprint of the Tower of Insolence to further his research. Slay the powerful enemies in the Tower of Insolence and recover the blueprint! If you find other books, ask Walderal about them. You must kill the corrupt sages, Erin Ediunce, Hallate's inspectors, platinum tribe overlords, platinum guardian prefects and messenger angels.)
372	2	Collecting Ancient Documents (Warehouse Keeper Walderal needs the blueprints for the Tower of Insolence. Defeat the powerful monsters in the Tower of Insolence and retrieve the blueprints. You should also look for some books that other people have been asking for. Take "The Revelation of the Seals" to Madam Claudia Athebaldt near Aden Castle or Magister Desmond in the Town of Aden. Take "The Imperial Genealogy" to Trader Holly in the Town of Aden. Take "The Ancient Epic" to Antique Dealer Patrin in the Town of Oren. Monsters to be hunted - corrupt sages, Erin Ediunce, Hallate's inspectors, platinum tribe overlords, platinum guardian prefects and messenger angels.)
372	-1	[completed]
373	1	Preparation of Reagents (You have agreed to obtain the reagent that Magic Trader Wesley needs for his magic research. Slay the evil creatures in the Tower of Insolence and the Blazing Swamp and collect reagent ingredients. Once you collect the ingredients, use the mixing urn in the basement of the Ivory Tower to create reagents. Refer to the note that is attached to the mixing urn for instructions on how to use the urn and for the formulas used to mix the ingredients. Monsters to hunt: In the Tower of Insolence: Drill Demon, Platinum Faction Solider, Platinum Faction Shaman, Platinum Faction Commander, and Binder Blazing Swamp: Lava Wyrms and Hames Orc Shaman)
373	-1	[completed]
374	1	Watchman's Grave (Seer Manakia wants to perform a ritual to better predict the future. He asks you to obtain the items he needs. He needs 65 molars of cave beasts and 65 flames of death wave.)
374	2	Mysterious Stone (Take the sealed mysterious stone to Dwarf Torai near the entrance to Dragon Valley.)
374	3	Onto Antharas's Lair (Show the mysterious stone to Seer Manakia. If you wish to help him, obtain the molars of cave beasts and flames of death wave he needs for the ritual.)
374	-1	[completed]
375	1	Watchman's Grave (Seer Manakia asks you to obtain 100 skulls of cave howler and 100 horns of karik.)
375	-1	[completed]
376	1	Exploration of the Giants' Cave (Researcher Sobling must go find the Giants' Knowledge Anthology possessed by the Monsters in the upper layer of the cave in order to study Giants' caves.  If you successfully collect these from 1 to 5 pieces, bring them to Sobling. Monsters to be hunted - Klennot, Hamrit, Palit, Imagro, Beastial Lord, Beastial Guardian, Beastial Seer, and Herokai)
376	2	Mysterious Book (Head Researcher Sobling asks you to take the mysterious book to Warehouse Keeper Cliff in the Town of Oren.)
376	3	Exploration of the Giants' Cave (Show Head Researcher Sobling the "Ancient Language Dictionary: Intermediate Level". If you wish to continue helping Sobling, you must bring him relics of ancient Lesser Giants. Hunt yintzus, paliotes, hamruts and kranrots.)
376	-1	[completed]
377	1	Exploration of the Giants' Cave - Part 2 (Researcher Sobling must go find the Wisdom of the Giants Text possessed by the Monsters in the lower layer of the cave in order to study Giants' caves.  If you successfully collect these from 1 to 5 pieces, bring them to Sobling. Monsters to be hunted - Series of degenerated Lesser Giant, Barif, Barif's Leogul, Ghamlin, Leogul)
377	-1	[completed]
378	1	Find the top quality wine! (Help Guard Harlan of the Town of Dion by obtaining and bringing back some top quality wine!)
378	2	Music score for the festivities! (Meet with Musician Barbado in the Town of Dion and obtain the Musical Score - Theme of the Feast.)
378	3	Obtain the Secret Recipe! (Meet with Jonas, a would-be chef, and obtain his secret recipe.)
378	4	Obtain the Recipe for Desserts! (Meet with Magister Rollant and obtain his recipe for desserts. He is located in the temple of the Town of Dion.)
378	-1	[completed]
379	1	Fantasy Wine (It is the tradition of Guard Harlan's family in Dion Village to make wine whenever a new child is born. To celebrate the birth of a daughter, they plan to make fantasy wine. They need 80 leaves of eucalyptus and 100 stones of chill. Hunt Enku orc champions and Enku orc shamans.)
379	2	Return to Guard Harlan (You have collected all the ingredients. Take them to Guard Harlan in the Town of Dion.)
379	-1	[completed]
380	1	Collection of Ingredients for Desserts! (Magister Rollant of Dion Castle is an aspiring chef. He has become disillusioned by the shoddy practices of other chefs. Bring him four ritron fruits, 20 moon face flowers, 10 drops of leech fluids and two antidotes and he will make a top quality dish that is far superior to anything else. Hunt dire wolves, Kadif werewolves and giant mist leeches.)
380	2	Return to Rollant (You have collected all the ingredients. Make sure that you have two antidotes and return to Magister Rollant in the Town of Dion.)
380	3	Waiting For the Dish to Be Ready (Rollant is cooking. Come back later.)
380	4	Waiting For the Dish to Be Ready (Rollant is cooking. Be patient.)
380	5	Waiting For the Dish to Be Ready (He is still cooking. Wait!)
380	6	Waiting For the Dish to Be Ready (Rollant is still cooking. It's taking him forever!)
380	-1	[completed]
381	1	Let's Become a Royal Member! (Warehouse Keeper Sorint explains that a royal membership program has recently been introduced for level 1 members. To become royalty you must obtain Kail's coin from the monsters of the Forsaken Plains. You must also obtain the coin collecting album sold by Jeweler Sandra in Giran. Hunt ancient gargoyles.)
381	-1	[completed]
382	1	Collecting Magic Coins (Head Blacksmith Vergara has just joined the coin collecting club. He wants to trade his coins for rarer coins. Bring the coins Vergara wants so that he will give you the coins you want. Hunt fallen orcs, fallen orc archers, fallen orc shamans and fallen orc captains.)
382	-1	[completed]
383	1	Decipher the Pirate's Treasure Map! (Ask Trader Espen of Heine to decipher the pirate's treasure map for you.)
383	2	Find the Pirate's Treasure Chest! (The pirate's treasure map has disclosed the location of the hidden treasure chest! Go to the place marked on the map.)
383	-1	[completed]
384	1	Recover Warehouse Keeper's Medal (Some Warehouse Keeper's medals that were being delivered to the Town of Oren were stolen by monsters. Recover them and take them to Warehouse Keeper Cliff of the Town of Oren or Warehouse Keeper Baxt of Hunters Village and you'll be allowed to play bingo. Monsters to be hunted - Tanor Canyon: Nightmare Lords, Nightmare Keepers, Nightmare Guides. Watcher's Tomb: Hunter Gargoyle, Dust Wind Death Pass: Thunder Worm Sea of Spores: Rotting Golem, Giant Monster Eye Outlaw Forest: Hunter Gargoyle Hunter's Valley: Weird Drake Swamp of Fire: Tulben, Lord Conjurer, Conjurer National Cemetery: Grave Guard Forest of Mirrors: Karinkain)
384	-1	[completed]
385	1	Scroll of Ancient Magic (The Gatekeeper Ziggurat wants to become a human again and asks you to slay the guardians of ancient magic and collect the scrolls of ancient magic. You'll receive a blank scroll as a reward. The blank scroll will be helpful when dealing with the Trader of Mammon. Journey into the necropolises and catacombs and find monsters whose name contain lookout, watcher, guard, monk, overlord, shaman, consul, inquisitor, guardian, Elder, court guard, and preacher. Exclude Nephilim, Lilim, Gigant and Lith.)
385	-1	[completed]
386	1	Recover Stolen Infernium Ore (The infernium ore that the Iron Gate Guild needs to construct a warehouse has been stolen by monsters. Recover the infernium ore and take it to Warehouse Keeper Romp. For every 100 units of infernium ore you take to him, you can play one round of bingo. If you win, you'll receive a prize from the Iron Gate Guild. Monsters to be hunted - Ancient Battleground: past knights, Hungered Corpses, bloody lords, bloody ghosts, dark guards, and Death Agents. Fields of Massacre: Archer of Destructions, grave liches, grave predators, spiteful soul leaders, and spiteful soul wizards. Seal of Shilen: crimson drakes, and kadios. Forsaken Plains: fallen orc shamans, and sharp talon tigers. Silent Valley: huge footmarks, Giant's shadows, Creatures of the Past, and soldiers of ancient times.)
386	-1	[completed]
401	1	Onward Toward Your Trial (Quest that must be fulfilled in order to change class to a Warrior. Tell Master Aymus that you wish to become a Warrior, and he will tell you to first visit Trader Simplon in the Town of Gludio and find the 'Sword of Trial.')
401	2	Test of Spirit (To obtain the Sword of Trial, you must carry out a task for Trader Simplon. Fight the tracker skeletons in the Ruins of Agony and return with 10 of their rusted swords.)
401	3	Return to Trader Simplon (You have obtained 10 rusted swords. Now, take them to Trader Simplon in the Town of Gludio.)
401	4	Nature of the Sword of Trial (What a surprise! The rusted sword and the sword of trial are the same!  Well, since you have them, take them to Master Auron in Gludin Village.)
401	5	Trial of a Warrior (Using the sword of trial you received from Trader Simplon, you must defeat the Venomous Spiders, then collect and bring back 20 of their legs! They can be found on Windmill Hill in the southern plains of the village. Kill Venomous Spiders and Arachnid Trackers!)
401	6	Return to Auron (Take the 20 spiders' legs to Master Auron in Gludin Village.)
401	-1	[completed]
402	1	Trial of an Apprentice Human Knight (The quest to change one's class to Knight. Squires must travel to Gludin Village, the Town of Gludio, and Talking Island Village and run errands for captains and high priests. Gather three or more Coins of Lords.)
402	-1	[completed]
403	1	Let's obtain a Recommendation to Become a Rogue! (Quest to change class to Rogue. Find Captain Bezique and tell him you wish to become a Rogue. He says that in order to earn his respect, you must catch one of the thieves. He suggests you meet with Neti.)
403	2	Neti's Test (In order to catch an elusive band of thieves you must act quickly to hunt for skeletons, using only the dagger and bow you received from Neti. Hunt the skeletons and spartois in the Ruins of Agony and collect 10 spartoi's bones. You will get these bones by killing tracker skeletons, tracker skeleton leaders, skeleton scouts, skeleton bowmen, ruin spartoi and raging spartoi.)
403	3	Return to Neti (You have collected 10 spartoi's bones. Now take them to Neti in Gludin Village.)
403	4	Neti's Recognition (Take the horseshoe of light you obtained from Neti to Captain Bezique.)
403	5	Subjugation of Cat's Eye Bandits (Captain Bezique has ordered you to defeat the cat's eye bandits near the Abandoned Camp and recover some stolen goods. Using the weapons Neti gave you, defeat them and recover the stolen items.)
403	6	Return to Captain Bezique (You have defeated the bandits and recovered  the stolen goods. Now, return to Captain Bezique of Gludin Village.)
403	-1	[completed]
404	1	In Search of the Spirit of Flame (The quest to change class to Wizard. Parina asks that you find tokens which symbolize earth, fire, water, and wind. Go to the Ruins of Agony and meet the fire spirit salamander.)
404	2	Key of Flame (The key of flame once kept by the fire spirit salamander has been stolen. Go to the northwest corner of the Ruins of Agony, slay the ratman warriors there and recover the key of flame.)
404	3	Return to the Flame Salamander (You have recovered the key of flame from the ratman warriors. Return it to the fire spirit salamander in the Ruins of Agony.)
404	4	In Search of Wind Sylph (Your curiosity knows no bounds! Your endless quest for knowledge is not unlike the wandering wind... Your next teacher shall be the Wind Sylph, located at the northwestern entrance of the Wastelands.)
404	5	Silence the Noise of Lizardman (The Wind Sylph complains to you that the racket created by the Lizardman who recently appeared in the south of the Wastelands has made it impossible for her to hear the wind. Go meet with him and ask him not to make so much noise.)
404	6	Return to Wind Sylph (Wastelands Lizardman apologizes for the noise, and hands over Wind Feather which seems to belong to Wind Sylph to you. Take this to Wind Sylph.)
404	7	In Search of Water Undine (Your pursuit of knowledge has led to a time of contemplation and reflection. Contemplation of acquired knowledge is much like water. Your next teacher shall be the Water Undine. You will find her near Fellmere Lake.)
404	8	Destroy Water Seer (The Water Undine asks you to defeat the Water Seer that is disturbing the energy of the water. The beast looks like an eye, and is located across the lake. Then, as proof, bring back two sparkling pebbles.)
404	9	Return to Undine (Take the two sparkling pebbles you have obtained to the Water Undine across the lake.)
404	10	In Search of Earth Snake (The time for reflection is over. You must now strengthen your resolve by learning the Path of the earth. Your next teacher will be Earth Snake, found north of the Ruins of Agony.)
404	11	In Search of Red Soil (The earth snake asks that you collect red soil containing the life energy of the earth from the red bears in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds between the Ruins of Agony and Windy Hill.)
404	12	Let's Return to the Earth Snake (Take the red soil to the Earth Snake in the Ruins of Agony and obtain a token of earth.)
404	13	Path of the Human Wizard (You now possess all four tokens. You are well along the path to enlightenment. Now you must visit Parina in Gludin Village to continue the Path of the Wizard.)
404	-1	[completed]
405	1	Proof of Faith (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Cleric. Tell Priest Zigaunt that you wish to become a Cleric, and he ask you to prove your pure faith. To do this, you must remove all inappropriate books that criticize the current order. The first rumors about those books appeared in the Town of Gludio. Go there and ask Trader Simplon about the book, 'Understanding of Miracles.' Then recover all the books the trader has sold.)
405	2	Recovery of Inappropriate Books (You have recovered all five books. Now take them to Priest Zigaunt of the Temple of Einhasad in Gludin Village.)
405	3	Meeting with the Author - Part 1 (Although you now have all the books available, as long as the author lives more may be produced. Go and find a former priest named Lionel. It is said that he is in hiding somewhere on Talking Island.)
405	4	Knowledge that Should Be Hidden (Lionel explains that although he believes his books, he does not wish to anger the powers-that-be in the temple. He promises not to write any more books if you will take the remaining books to Grand Magister Gallint in the Einhovant School of Magic located on Talking Island.)
405	5	Meeting with the Author - Part 2 (Gallint says he knew it was going to be like this, and accepts the book. Now go back to Lionel.)
405	6	Proven Faith...? (You have received Lionel's covenant not to author any more books. Now return to Priest Zigaunt in the Temple of Einhasad in Gludin Village.)
405	-1	[completed]
406	1	Testimony of Sorius (Quest that must be fulfilled in order to change class to Elven Knight. Tell Master Sorius that you wish to become an Elven Knight. He will order you to go to the Ruins of Agony and defeat the undead to collect pieces of topaz. The undead will include tracker skeletons, tracker skeleton leaders, skeleton scouts, skeleton bowmen, and raging spartoi.)
406	2	Let's Return to Master Sorius (You've collected 20 fragments of Topaz. Go back to Master Sorius of the Town of Gludio.)
406	3	Elven Knight's Brooch (The topaz pieces are used to make an Elven Knight brooch and proof of an Elven Knight. Take them to Blacksmith Kluto of Gludin Village.)
406	4	Blacksmith's Request (Kluto says that he will make you the brooch if you go to the Abandoned Camp, kill Ol Mahum novices and bring back 20 gemstones.)
406	5	Return to Kluto (You've collected 20 fragments of Emerald. Bring them to Blacksmith Kluto of Gludin Village.)
406	6	Completed Brooch (The gemstones you have collected will be turned into a brooch for future Elven Knights. The gemstones collected by former Elven Knight applicants will shine in your heart. After receiving the Kluto Box, return to Master Sorius of the Town of Gludio.)
406	-1	[completed]
407	1	Proof of Ability (The quest that must be fulfilled to change one's class to that of an Elven Scout. In order to become an Elven Scout, Master Reisa tells you to prove your skills by finding Guard Moretti's lost friend.)
407	2	Missing Friend (Guard Moretti's friend Prias disappeared while trying to elude an Ol Mahum patrol. Confront the Ol Mahum patrol and find out what you can regarding Prias' whereabouts.)
407	3	Return to Moretti (You recovered torn pieces of a letter from the Ol Mahum patrols. Take them to Guard Moretti of the Town of Gludio.)
407	4	Find Prias (You find out that Prias was kidnapped and taken to the Neutral Zone of the Elven Forest. Due to the impending invasion of Ol Mahums, Guard Moretti cannot leave his post to look for his friend. He asks you to go and rescue Prias.)
407	5	Take Away the Key (Prias is bound in shackles. Kill the Ol Mahum sentry, take his key and unlock the shackles.)
407	6	Release Prias (You have secured the key from the Ol Mahum sentry. Free Prias from his shackles.)
407	7	Reply Letter From Prias (Prias was grateful to receive Moretti's herb. He tells you that he must complete his mission. He asks you to give his regards to Moretti.)
407	8	Honorary Guard (Moretti gives you a Honorary Guard Certificate as a reward for rescuing Prias. Show it to Reisa.)
407	-1	[completed]
408	1	Jewel Collection (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Elven Wizard. Rosella tells you that to become an Elven Wizard, you must collect the jewels that represent each of the four elements: water, fire, wind and earth. She hands you the fertility period, which symbolizes earth, and asks you to find the rest.)
408	-1	[completed]
409	1	Miracle Girl (This quest must be fulfilled to change class to Oracle. Tell Priest Manuel that you wish to become an Oracle. He tells you about the Revelation of the Torch, and asks you to investigate the truth about the recent appearance of a miraculous girl near the lighthouse in Gludin Harbor.)
409	2	Girl Shaking in Fear (You have met Allana. She seems afraid...)
409	3	Girl Shaking in Fear (Mysterious Lizardmen attempted to catch Allana. You defeat them and obtain the Lizard Captain Order. Ask Allana about the situation again.)
409	4	Girl's Request (Allana explains that she has the ability to cure her younger sister's illness. She asks you to meet an old man named Perrin who gave her this ability and get her money back.)
409	5	Let's Interrogate Perrin (You have defeated Tamil, guard of the evil Perrin. Interrogate him.)
409	6	Let's Return to Allana (You retrieved Allana's money from Perrin. Take it to her. You will find her near the lighthouse.)
409	7	Manuel's Urgent Business (Priest Manuel of the Town of Gludio has contacted you through the crystal for emergency. Go meet him quickly.)
409	8	Pursued Girl (You receive a tip that mercenary Lizardmen were hired to kidnap the girl of prophecy. Hurry to the lighthouse in Gludin Harbor and protect her.)
409	9	Results of Prophecy (You could not save the girl's younger brother. Return to Priest Manuel and tell him.)
409	-1	[completed]
410	1	Ritual of 13 Skulls (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Palus Knight. Master Virgil asks that you capture the 'gaze of abyss' through a trial in order to become a Palus Knight. He says you must then go to the Neutral Zone and bring back 13 Lycanthrope Skulls needed for the 13 Skull Ceremony. This will fulfill the first stage of the trial.)
410	2	Return to Master Virgil (You have collected all 13 skulls. Go to Master Virgil of the Town of Gludio and find out about the second trial.)
410	3	Ritual of Red Coffin (The second trial involves making a red coffin. Visit Abyssal Celebrant Kalinta of the Dark Elf Guild in Gludin Village.)
410	4	Coffin of Eternal Rest (The Trial of Red Coffin requires you to make a coffin. You must go to Windmill Hill south of Gludin Village and obtain one Predator's Carapace and five units of Arachnid Tracker Silk.)
410	5	Return to Kalinta (You have obtained all the ingredients to make the Coffin of Eternal Rest. Take them to Abyssal Celebrant Kalinta of the Dark Elf Guild in Gludin Village and ask him to make the coffin for you.)
410	6	Owner of the Coffin of Eternal Rest (By carving your name on the coffin, you have become its true owner. Now, take it and return to Master Virgil in the Town of Gludio.)
410	-1	[completed]
411	1	Towards the Altar of Rites (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Assassin. To become an Assassin, Triskell asks you to prove your skills by helping Witch Arkenia who can be found at the Altar of Rites.)
411	2	In Search of Shilen's Tears (Witch Arkenia asks you to recover Shilen's tears that were stolen from her. You can get more information about the theft from Guard Leikan in Gludin Village. Go and see him.)
411	3	Leikan's Request (Guard Leikan tells you that if you obtain 10 moonstone beast's molars for him, he will tell you who stole Shilen's Tears.)
411	4	Return to Leikan (You have obtained 10 Moonstone Beast's molars. Take them to Guard Leikan in Gludin Village.)
411	5	Recover Shilen's Tears (Guard Leikan tells you that the thief who stole Shilen's Tears is an Orc named Calpico. You will find him near the School of Dark Arts. Kill him and recover Shilen's Tears.)
411	6	Return to Arkenia (You defeated Calpico. Take Shilen's Tears to Witch Arkenia at the Altar of Rites.)
411	7	Recommendation of Witch Arkenia (You have returned Shilen's Tears to Witch Arkenia for which she gave you a Recommendation to become an Assassin. Take it to Triskel in the Town of Gludio.)
411	-1	[completed]
412	1	Four Seeds (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Dark Wizard. Witch Varika speaks of the four seeds representing anger, despair, horror, and lunacy. One who obtains them all may become a Dark Wizard. She gives you a Seed of Despair and asks you to find the rest.)
412	-1	[completed]
413	1	Two Books (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Shillien Oracle. Magister Sidra explains that to become a Shillien Oracle you must acquire two books written in ancient rune: the 'Garmiel book' and the 'Andariel book'. First you must visit Magister Talbot in the Village of Gludin, and learn how to obtain the Garmiel book.)
413	2	Bloody Runes (Magister Talbot asks you to slay Dark Succubi and bring back five bloody runes. You will find those abominations in a spider nest west of the Altar of Rites. In return he will compile the Garmiel Book for you. Monsters to be hunted - Dark Succubi.)
413	3	Return to Talbot (You have collected all five bloody runes. Return to Magister Talbot in Gludin Village and ask him to make the Garmiel Book for you.)
413	4	Another Book (You have obtained the Garmiel book from Magister Talbot. Now you must obtain the Andariel book from Priest Adonius at Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village.)
413	5	Ritual of Atonement? (Priest Adonius promises you that if you slay the skeletons and zombies in the Ruins of Agony and bring back 10 Ashen Bones, he will give you a copy of the Andariel book. You should hunt Skeleton Infantrymen, Shield Skeletons, Zombie Soldiers and Zombie Warriors.)
413	6	Return to Adonius (You have collected 10 Ashen Bones. Return to Priest Adonius at Einhasad Temple in Gludin Village and receive a copy of the Andariel book.)
413	7	Shillien Oracle (You have obtained the Andariel Book from Priest Adonius. Return to Magister Sidra.)
413	-1	[completed]
414	1	Defeat Ratman Leader (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Orc Raider. Prefect Karukia says that Orc Raiders must prove that their courage and loyalty are without fault. To prove your courage you must destroy the Goblins and their Kuruka Ratmen helpers that are ruining this land. Kill Goblin Tomb Raider Leaders and Kuruka Ratman Leaders.)
414	2	Return to Prefect Karukia (You have killed all the Kuruka Ratman Leaders. Now, return to Prefect Karukia of Orc Fortress.)
414	3	Kill the Betrayers! (Prefect Karukia orders you to kill two traitors who betrayed their tribe and went into hiding with Umbar tribe. Take their heads and go to Prefect Kasman of Gludin Village. Read the betrayer's report and by using the information in it, slay the Orc betrayers!)
414	4	Visit Prefect Kasman (You have slain the betrayer Orc who hid out with the Umbar tribe. Take the head to Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village.)
414	5	Toward the Town of Schuttgart (Go to Prefect Tazeer of Schuttgart. He will advise you on what to do.)
414	6	Defeat the Timora Orc! (Prefect Tazeer tells you to kill the Orc, Timora, the betrayer, who is hiding among the Ragna Orcs. Return with the traitor's head.)
414	7	Return to Tazeer (You have claimed the Orc Timora's head. Return to Prefect Tazeer in the Town of Schuttgart.)
414	-1	[completed]
415	1	Find Khavatari Rosheek (You must undertake this quest in order to change your class to Monk. Gantaki Zu Urutu will instruct you in traditional Orc martial arts. He informs you that you must receive a scroll from two Masters. Go first to Khavatari Rosheek, who is training somewhere on the Immortal Plateau.)
415	2	1st Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek says that he doesn't have time to waste on a novice like you. He orders you to go and slay five Kasha bears, collect their claws in a pouch and bring them to him. You must use only fist-type weapons for this task.)
415	3	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have slain five Kasha bears. Return to Khavatari Rosheek. You will find him near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	4	2nd Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek is meditating. He orders you  to slay five Kasha blade spiders, collect their claws in a pouch and bring them back to him. You must only use fist-type weapons for this task.)
415	5	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have collected five claws of Kasha blade spiders in a pouch. Take the pouch to Khavatari Rosheek near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	6	3rd Spirit Scroll (Khavatari Rosheek is about to go on break. He tells you to slay five Scarlet Salamanders, collect their scales in a pouch and bring it back to him. You must only use fist-type weapons for this task. Monsters to be hunted - Scarlet Salamanders.)
415	7	Return to Khavatari Rosheek (You have collected five scales of scarlet salamanders in a pouch. Take the pouch to Khavatari Rosheek near the Frozen Waterfalls.)
415	8	Fiery Spirit (Khavatari Rosheek has given you a fiery spirit scroll! Return to Gantaki Zu Urutu in Orc Village.)
415	9	Second Scroll (Prefect Kasman in Gludin Village will tell you about the second scroll you will need to obtain to become a Monk.)
415	10	Iron Will Scroll (In order to find the second scroll, you must meet Khavatari Toruku. He is located near the fork in the road in the northern part of Gludin Village.)
415	11	Trial of Iron (Khavatari Toruku asks that you defeat many different types and levels of warriors. Slay a Vuku Orc fighter on Windmill Hill, a ratman warrior in a corner of the Ruins, a Langk Lizardman in the Langk Lizardman Dwellings and a Felim Lizardman in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds. You must kill three of each for a total of 12, collect the proofs in a pouch and take them to Khavatari Toruku. You may use only bare hands, or hand-to-hand weapons for this task. Hunt Vuku Orc fighters, ratman warriors, Langk Lizardman warriors, and Felim Lizardman warriors.)
415	12	Return toruku (You have collected all of the proofs. Deliver the pouch to Khavatari Toruku.)
415	13	Warrior of Iron and Fire (You have passed the Testimony of Khavatari Toruku, and thus received the Iron Will Scroll. Return to Prefect Kasman of Gludin Village.)
415	14	Forgotten Teacher (Gantaki Zu Urutu tells you to travel to the Valley of the Lords to meet Khavatari Aren.)
415	15	Trial of Aren (Khavatari Aren asks you to collect 6 spider fangs, from either the Kasha Blade Spider or the Kasha Fang Spider. You must do it with your bare hands or fist weapons. Monsters to be hunted - Kasha Blade Spider, Kasha Fang Spider)
415	16	Return to Khavatari Aren (You have collected 6 spider fangs. Return to Khavatari Aren.)
415	17	Hunt of Baar Dre Vanul (Khavatari Aren asks you to hunt the Baar Dre Vanul, found in the southern reaches of the Immortal Plateau. You must do so using only fist weapons or your bare hands. Monster to Hunt - Baar Dre Vanul)
415	18	Return to Khavatari Aren (You have Baar Dre Vanul's horn. Return to Khavatari Aren.)
415	19	Khavatari's Zenith (Khavatari Aren tells you the tale of Khavatari's Zenith and asks you to visit the Seer Moira in the Town of Schuttgart.)
415	20	What is the Zenith? (What is Khavatari's Zenith? Think carefully about what Khavatari Aren said and then go back to Seer Moira.)
415	-1	[completed]
416	1	Preparation of Offering (Quest that must be fulfilled in order to change class to Orc Shaman. Tataru Zu Hestui explains that in order to become an Orc Shaman, you must first learn to lead spirits. In order to accomplish this, you must master the 'Language of Fire' which will enable you to communicate with spirits. There are three items needed to prepare for learning the language of fire: you must collect the pelt of a Kasha bear, the husk of a Kasha blade spider and a fiery egg of a scarlet salamander. Scarlet salamanders can be found in the Cave of Trials, and Kasha bears and Kasha blade spiders can be found around the fork above the cave. Monsters to be hunted - scarlet salamanders, Kasha bears and Kasha blade spiders.)
416	2	Tataru zu Hestui (You have collected all three items. Return to Tataru Zu Hestui and prepare to meet with the spirit.)
416	3	Hestui Totem Spirit (Take the Hestui Mask and Fiery Egg to the Hestui Totem Spirit. You will find it in the southern ruins of the Pa'agrio Temple.)
416	4	Flame Ritual (The Hestui totem spirit has given you a claw as a present. Now, return to Tataru Zu Hestui in Orc Village.)
416	5	Names of Spirits (You have performed a ritual using the claw you received from Hestui totem spirit and learned the language of fire. Take the recommendation you received from Tataru Zu Hestui to Seer Umos in Gludin Village. He will tell you how to learn the names of 99 spirits.)
416	6	Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (Seer Umos explains that the second test to become an Orc Shaman involves learning the names of 99 spirits. For this, you must meet with the Duda-Mara totem spirit. But first, you must prepare yourself. Hunt grizzly bears in Fellmere Harvesting Grounds above Gludin Village and bring back three bottles of grizzly blood. Monsters to be hunted - grizzly bears.)
416	7	Return to Seer Umos (You have collected all the Grizzly Blood. Now take it to Seer Umos of Gludin Village.)
416	8	Manager of Names (Take the jar containing the blood and go visit the Duda-Mara totem spirit. The totem spirit is said to be located north of the Arena in Gludin Village.)
416	9	Durka Spirit (The Duda-Mara totem spirit has asked you to catch the Durka spirit. You will find this spirit while hunting for Venomous Spiders and Arachnid Trackers in the Fellmere Harvesting Grounds.)
416	10	Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (You have captured the Durka Spirit alive. Take it to the Duda-Mara totem spirit in the north of the Arena.)
416	11	Blood of Duda-Mara Totem Spirit (The Duda-Mara totem spirit has given you a drop of blood as a present. Take it to Priest Umos in Gludin Village.)
416	12	Wisdom of Souls (You must meet with the Seer Moira of the Town of Schuttgart if you want to receive the Wisdom of Souls.)
416	13	The Wisest Totem Spirit (The Seer Moira tells you to approach the Totem Spirit of Gandi for knowledge.)
416	14	To the Valley of the Lords (The Totem Spirit of Gandi said to defeat the Black Leopard in the Valley of the Lords to receive the Wisdom of Souls. Go to the Valley of the Lords! Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	15	The Teachings of Blood (Whenever the Black Leopard's blood touches your body, you feel a curious sensation and hear a strange voice. Is the dying leopard trying to say something? Study the dead leopard's carcass.)
416	16	Sacrifice Required (You could almost feel something from the Dead Leopard's Carcass. You might be able to grasp the answer if you kill more of them. Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	17	Voice (The Dead Leopard's Carcass is calling out to you. Talk to him!)
416	18	Last Blood (One must have the Black Leopard's blood on one's hands in order to receive the final lesson. Monster to Hunt - Black Leopard)
416	19	Bloody Body (The Black Leopard's blood covers your body. Return to the Dead Leopard's Carcass.)
416	20	Wisdom of Gandi (You suddenly see an image of the Totem Spirit of Gandi. Is it calling you?)
416	21	The Road to an Orc Shaman (The Totem Spirit of Gandi knows of your recent experiences. It told you to seek Seer Moira, who will lead you to a shaman.)
416	-1	[completed]
417	1	In Search of Master Toma - Part 1 (This quest must be fulfilled before transferring to Scavenger class. Collector Pippi of the Dwarven Village encourages all aspiring Dwarves to become Scavengers. To become a Scavenger, you must receive the permission of Master Toma, whose whereabouts are currently unknown. It is said that his younger sister, Trader Mion of Dwarven Village, may know his whereabouts.)
417	2	In Search of Master Toma - Part 2 (Trader Mion promises to find the location of Master Toma. In exchange, you have agreed to help her with her business. She asks you to deliver some items to her customers.)
417	3	In Search of Master Toma - Part 3 (Trader Mion promises to find the location of Master Toma. In exchange, you have agreed to help her with her business. But she is making unreasonable demands.)
417	4	In Search of Master Toma - Part 4 (Take the letter from Trader Mion and go find Master Toma. According to Mion, Master Toma has gone to the northern coast.)
417	5	Honey Jar Spoil (Master Toma said that if you want to be a scavenger, you must first run an errand for him. He asked you to bring him back five honey jars. You can obtain them by using Spoil on honey bears. You can find honey bears while hunting hunter bears. In order to find hunter bears, start from the western entrance of the Abandoned Coal Mines, then go up north until you reach the area where two shorelines merge. A large population of hunter bears are said to be found in that area. Monsters to be hunted - hunter bears and honey bears. Monsters to use Spoil on - honey bears.)
417	6	Return to Toma (You have found all five honey jars. Let Master Toma's mouth be filled with the sweetness of honey!)
417	7	Bead of Tarantula (As your next assignment, Master Toma asks you to bring him 20 tarantula beads. They can be obtained by using Spoil on hunter tarantulas and plunder tarantulas. Monsters to use Spoil on - hunter tarantulas and plunder tarantulas.)
417	8	Return to Toma (You have collected 20 beads. Take them to Master Toma.)
417	9	Pay Back for the Drink (Deliver the bunch of orbs that you received from Master Toma to the Freighter Raut in Gludin village.)
417	10	In Search of Raut's Nephew (Request for a delivery of the teleport scroll received from Freighter Raut to his nephew.   Raut's nephew is somewhere in the Dragon Valley.)
417	11	Return to Raut (The teleport scroll has been delivered to Raut's nephew Thorei.  Go back to Freighter Raut in Gludin village with the return present, the underwear of Succubus.)
417	12	Toma's Friend (Master Toma gives you shining beads and asks that you give them to Warehouse Chief Yasheni of the Town of Schuttgart.)
417	-1	[completed]
418	1	The First Blacksmith Test (Quest that must be fulfilled to change class to Artisan. The Dwarf Village Blacksmith Silvery tells you that to become an Artisan you must receive recognition from three Blacksmiths that have been Artisans for a long time. He asks you to go to the Abandoned Coal Mines and obtain 10 boogle ratman teeth and two boogle ratman leader's big teeth.)
418	2	Return to Silvera (You have collected all the teeth of Ratmen. Take them to Blacksmith Silvera.)
418	3	The Second Blacksmith Test (In order to take the second test, you must visit Blacksmith Kluto. You can find him at the blacksmith's shop in Gludin Village.)
418	4	Errant to Pinter (Take the letter you received from Blacksmith Kluto Blacksmith Pinter in the Town of Gludio.)
418	5	Missing Box (The item that Blacksmith Kluto commissioned from Blacksmith Pinter has been stolen by a Vuku Orc fighter. Find the culprit and recover the stolen secret box. The thief can be found on Windmill Hill south of Gludin Village. Monster to hunt: Vuku Orc fighter.)
418	6	Return to Blacksmith Pinter (You have recovered the box. Return it to Blacksmith Pinter of the Town of Gludio.)
418	7	What is the Blacksmith's Test...? (Blacksmith Pinter rewards you with a 2nd Pass Certificate. Take the secret box to Blacksmith Kluto.)
418	8	Railroad Worker Obi (In order to take the second test, you must first meet with Railroad Worker Obi who is on the Plunderous Plains. Go see him.)
418	9	Solidarity of the Dwarves (Railroad Worker Obi tells you a story about the Solidarity of Dwarves.  He asks you to relay the story that can potentially disrupt the Dwarves' loyalty to Mineral Trader Hitchi in the Town of Schuttgart. What do you think you should do?)
418	10	A Thoughtless Person (Lockirin of Dwarven Village will instruct you on your next task.)
418	11	Message Delivered (Mineral Trader Hitchi tells you to go back and visit Obi once more. Go see him.)
418	12	A Shrewd Response (When you relay the message to him, Mineral Trader Hitchi tells you to go see Rydel.)
418	-1	[completed]
419	1	To Obtain a Pet (To receive a pet, you must earn the approval of Pet Manager Martin in Gludin Village. He says that you must have love for and knowledge of animals to prove that you deserve a pet. He asks you to return to your hometown, eliminate all animal killers and return to him.)
419	-1	[completed]
420	1	Elder Cronos (Quest that must be completed in order to obtain a pet hatchling. Visit Pet Manager Cooper and tell him that you wish to raise a hatchling. He will tell you to seek help from Elder Cronos of Hunter's Village.)
420	2	Make a Fairy Stone (After collecting the items requested by Elder Cronos, find Maria in the Town of Dion and ask her to make a Fairy Stone for you. Take the Fairy Stone to Cronos and he'll tell you what you need to do next.)
420	3	Fairy's Existence (Take the completed Elven stone to Guard Byron and ask him about fairies.)
420	4	In Search of a Fairy (Go to Fairy Valley and find a fairy who will talk with you.)
420	5	In Search of a Dragon Species (Take the Juice of Monkshood that Fairy Mimyu gave you to the drake or wyrm that she introduced you to. West Mountain of Oren Castle: Drake Exarion Southwest of Oren Castle: Drake Kalibran Northwest of the Death Pass: Wyvern Suzet West of the Death Pass: Wyvern Shamhai West of the Plains of the Lizardmen: Drake Zwov)
420	6	Find the Stolen Eggs (Recover 20 stolen eggs.)
420	7	Hatching Ritual (Take the eggs to Fairy Mimyu.)
420	-1	[completed]
421	1	In Search of Mimyu (Elder Cronos suggests you consult Fairy Mimyu concerning the raising of Hatchling to Strider.)
421	2	The Sap of Fairy Trees (Fairy Mimyu examines your hatchling and tells you the story of the four fairy trees and their guardians. She tells you to feed the sap of these trees to your hatchling. Go to each of the four fairy trees of wind, star, twilight and abyss and let your hatchling drink their sap. You must guard your hatchling as it drinks. When it has finished drinking, attach a fairy leaf to the fairy tree.)
421	3	Return to Fairy Mimyu (Your hatchling has drunk the sap of all four fairy trees-- the wind, star, twilight and abyss. The preparations for its growth have been completed. Return to Fairy Mimyu.)
421	-1	[completed]
422	1	Sincerity of a Penitent's Heart (The Black Judge tells the sinner that he has a chance for redemption. Will you follow the path of penitence, sure to be filled with trials and tribulations?)
422	2	Sincerity of a Penitent's Heart (The Black Judge wants to test your sincerity in seeking atonement for your sins. She asks you to go and help Katari and then return to her.)
422	3	Sincerity of a Penitent's Heart (The Black Judge wants to test your sincerity in seeking atonement for your sins. She asks you to go and help Piotur and then return to her.)
422	4	Sincerity of a Penitent's Heart (The Black Judge wants to test your sincerity in seeking atonement for your sins. She asks you to go and help Elder Casian and then return to her. (If you add or change your sub-class while fulfilling this quest, the quest will automatically be terminated.))
422	5	Sincerity of a Penitent's Heart (The Black Judge wants to test your sincerity in seeking atonement for your sins. She asks you to go and help Magister Joan and then return to her. (If you add or change your sub-class while fulfilling this quest, the quest will automatically be terminated.))
422	6	Help with the Missionary Work (Katari requests that you kill the scavenger wererats that have been disrupting her missionary work.)
422	7	Help with the Farming (Piotur says that his farm is being attacked by Turek war hounds. He asks you to drive them away.)
422	8	Help the Wastelands (Elder Casian asks you to bring him the heart of a tyrant kingpin.)
422	9	Help with Spore Research (Magister Joan requests that you kill a trisalim tarantula and bring back its venom sac.)
422	10	To the Black Judge (You have completed the task Katari requested. Return to the Black Judge.)
422	11	To the Black Judge (You have completed the task requested by Piotur. Return to the Black Judge.)
422	12	To the Black Judge (You have completed the task requested by Elder Casian. Return to the Black Judge.)
422	13	To the Black Judge (You have completed the task requested by Magister Joan. Return to the Black Judge.)
422	14	Make a Penitent's Manacle (The Black Judge asks you to go to Blacksmith Pushkin and make a Penitent's Manacle.)
422	15	Toward Judgment (You asked Blacksmith Pushkin to make Penitent's Manacles. Return to the Black Judge.)
422	16	Cleanse Your Own Sins (The Black Judge asks you to lock up the sin eater with a manacle of penitent and to care for him for the sake of cleansing your soul.)
422	-1	[completed]
423	1	Challenge the Tanta Lizardmen Guard (Defeat as many Tanta Lizardmen as you can to get the attention of the Lizardmen Guard. Challenge him to prove to Johnny you have what it takes to face Tanta Seer Uguros.)
423	2	To the Gatekeeper Batracos (You have defeated the Tanta Lizardmen Guard. Time to talk to Gatekeeper Batracos.)
423	-1	[completed]
426	1	Collecting Sweet Fluid (In order to create a fishing shot, you must collect sweet fluid that the water spirits are fond of. Any member of the Fishermen's Guild can tell you where to find it.)
426	-1	[completed]
431	1	Silver Crystals (Melody Maestro Kantabilon asks you to procure a Silver Crystal to put in a newly obtained song. You must hunt Lienriks in the Rest Area of the Animals and gather 50 silver crystals. Monsters to be hunted - Lienrik, Lienrik Lad)
431	2	Return to Kantabilon (You've collected 50 Silver Crystals. Return to Kantabilon.)
431	-1	[completed]
432	1	Red Crystal (Melody Maestro Octavis asks you to bring her some Red Crystals to hold a new song. Hunt Roughly-Hewn Rock Golems in the Floran Agricultural Area and bring back 50 Red Crystals. Monster to Hunt - Roughly-Hewn Rock Golems)
432	2	Return to Octavia (You've collected 50 Red Crystals. Return to Octavia.)
432	-1	[completed]
450	1	Kanemika's Favor (Kanemika inside the Mithril Mine asks you to help his Grave Robbers can escape from that place before they become swept in by evil energy. Target for conversation - Grave Robber Warrior)
450	2	Return to Kanemika (You succeeded in rescuing the number of Grave Robbers requested by Kanemika. Return and report to him.)
450	-1	[completed]
451	1	Maintain the Power of the Barrier (Head Priest of the Earth Daichir says that the power of the barrier in Lucien's Altar has grown weaker, and he gives you a mission to maintain it. Take the Replenished Power Beads and visit five sections of Lucien's Altar to restrengthen the barrier.)
451	2	Return to Daichir (The replenishing is complete. Return and report to Head Priest of the Earth Daichir in the Einhasad Temple of the Town of Schuttgart.)
451	-1	[completed]
452	1	Search for the Those who Sacrificed (Officer Jakan is looking for soldiers who sacrificed themselves for their mission. Look for the corpses of Gracian Soldiers in the Seed of Annihilation.)
452	2	Search Complete (You've found the corpse of a soldier and his ID tag in the Seed of Annihilation. Bring it to Officer Jakan who is staying at the center of the Seed of Annihilation.)
452	-1	[completed]
453	1	Support the Gracian Troops (Officer Klemis asks you about which of the three areas of the Seed of Annihilation you want to attack. Tell him after you decide.)
453	2	Subjugation of the Bistakon (You've chosen to fight the Bistakon.  Monsters to be hunted - Bgurent, Brakian, Groikan, Treykan, Elite Bgurent, Elite Brakian, Elite Groikan, Elite Treykan)
453	3	Subjugation of Reptilikon (You've chosen to fight the Reptilikon.  Monsters to be hunted - Turtlelian, Krajian, Tardyon, Elite Turtlelian, Elite Krajian, Elite Tardyon)
453	4	Subjugation of the Kokracon (You've chosen to fight the Kokracon.  Monsters to be hunted - Kanibi, Kiriona, Kaiona, Elite Kanibi, Elite Kiriona, Elite Kaiona)
453	5	Mission Complete! (You've succeeded in defeating monsters amounting to the number that Officer Klemis said.   Return and report to him.)
453	-1	[completed]
454	1	Guard the Gracian Survivor (Bring the injured soldier you found in the Seed of Annihilation back to General Ermian. Depart when all party members accept the quest and you are ready. But, be careful not to be attacked on the way!)
454	-1	[completed]
455	1	Revenge from Beyond (The Separated Soul seeks revenge and asks that you defeat two of Antharas' subordinates, a group called the Wings of Sand. Monsters to be hunted - Emerald Horn, Dust Rider, Bleeding Fly, Black Dagger Wing, Shadow Summoner, Spike Slasher, Muscle Bomber)
455	2	Return or Kill One More? (You defeated one creature from the Wings of Sands. You can return to the Separated Soul to collect a reward, or get one more!)
455	3	Return to the Separated Soul (You defeated two of the Antharas' subordinates. Speak with the Separated Soul to get your reward.)
455	-1	[completed]
456	1	Bound by Revenge (The Separated Soul needs you to gather the essence from monsters in Dragon Valley. Monsters to be hunted - Drake Lord, Behemoth Leader, Dragon Beast)
456	2	Return to the Separated Soul (You succeeded in collecting the three types of essences described by the Separated Soul. Return to him.)
456	-1	[completed]
457	1	A Lost Youngster (Gumiel who got lost in the Monastery of Silence asks you to get him out of the labyrinth-like monastery. Lead him outside either the west or east entrance.)
457	2	Escape Succeeded (You've successfully lead the lost Gumiel out of the Monastery of Silence. Looks like he has something to say.)
457	-1	[completed]
458	1	Challenge Accepted (You have accepted Kelleyia's Challenge.Be sure to kill fully grown Alpine animals with Over-hit.   Monsters to be hunted - Alpine Kookaburra, Alpine Cougar, Alpine Buffalo, Alpine Grendel. )
458	2	Challenge Complete (You have killed your limit of 40 animals. Speak with Kelleyia to see how well you have done.)
458	-1	[completed]
459	1	Elimination of the Villain (Defeat Teredor, as requested by the dwarf in the Town of Schuttgart, Elder Filaur.)
459	2	Go back to Filaur (You have succeeded in defeating Teredor. Go back to Elder Filaur, the dwarf in the Town of Schuttgart!)
459	-1	[completed]
460	1	Please Keep the Trust (As requested by the ghost dwarf Amer, break the eggs, and take all the broken pieces to Elder Filaur, the dwarf in Schuttgart Town.)
460	2	To Filaur of the Gray Pillar (The egg was destroyed and Teredor egg fragments have been all collected. If you take these to Elder Filaur in the Town of Schuttgart, you will get rewards.)
460	-1	[completed]
461	1	Basic Comforts (Stan theorizes that the way to defeat the Sel Mahum is take away their basic comforts. Extort salmons from Sel Mahum Chef and steal the shoelaces from Sel Mahum Soldiers so that their training goes awry.  Monsters to be hunted - Sel Mahum Chef, Sel Mahum Recruit, Sel Mahum Soldier)
461	2	Mission Complete (Looks like the Sel Mahum will pose a threat to no one but themselves. Go back to the Guard Stan of Oren Village.)
461	-1	[completed]
462	1	Lydia's Message (Lydia, Divine Messenger, located in the Orbis Temple asked to defeat 10 heroes whose strength is powerful and special among ancient heroes staying here. You can defeat them for maximum 2 times.)
462	2	To Lydia? (You have succeeded in defeating one of ancient heroes, as requested by Divine Messenger Lydia who's at the Orbis Temple. You can go back to Lydia or carry out this mission one more time to defeat a hero. Which would you choose?)
462	3	Heading Back to Lydia! (You have defeated ancient heroes twice, as requested by Divine Messenger Lydia who's at the Orbis Temple. Go back to Lydia.)
462	-1	[completed]
463	1	Data Log Search (Collect the Golem Corps Log that match today's value. Golems always carry the same number of logs however the daily value always changes.  Monsters to be hunted - Cruel Pliers Golem, Horrific Drill Golem, Reconnoiter 28 Golem, Guard Golem, Micro Reconnoiter Golem, Great Chaos Golem, Boom Golem)
463	2	Search Completed (You have collected all Golem Corp Logs that match today's number. Return to Gutenhagen.)
463	-1	[completed]
464	-8	
464	-7	
464	-6	
464	-5	
464	-4	
464	-3	
464	-2	
464	1	The Will of the Ancient Book (When opening the door of the safebox, you found an old book. Check the content of the book first, and follow its will. A certain Librarian might know what to do...)
464	2	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Cardinal Seresin.)
464	3	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Merchant Holly of Aden Village.)
464	4	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Gatekeeper Flauen of the Heine.)
464	5	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Priest Dominic of Rune Village.)
464	6	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Priest Chichirin in the Town of Schuttgart.)
464	7	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Grand Master Tobias of Gludio Village.)
464	8	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Blacksmith of Schuttgart Village.)
464	9	Owner of the book (Deliver this Ancient Book to the Saint of Light Agnes of Goddard Village.)
464	-1	[completed]
465	1	Fairy Citizens in Need (A fairy citizen who fled from Kimerian is asking to help fairy citizens who are having difficulties. Help fairy citizens you get to meet while hunting Cocoons in the Fairy Settlement.)
465	2	Return to the Arms of Timiniel (You have saved fairy citizens and collected all two Certificates of Friendship. Take these and go back to the fairy citizens who fled from Kimerian but now are in the arms of Timiniel.)
465	-1	[completed]
466	1	Timiniel's Tonic (It has been said that the reason for the trees being healthy in the Fairy Settlement is because of Timiniel's Tonic. Go to Noeti Mimilead and ask for the tonic.)
466	2	Collecting Ingredients for Timiniel's Tonic (Find the ingredients use to make Timiniel's Tonic and give them to Noeti Mimilead. Attacking a Large Cocoon will release Violent Fairies. Attacking a Large Cocoon by using a skill will release Slightly Enraged Fairies.  Monsters to hunt: Large Cocoons, Violent Fairies, and Slightly Enraged Fairies.)
466	3	Returning to Noeti Mimilead with the ingredients (All the ingredients for the Timiniel's Tonic have been collected. Return to Noeti Mimilead.)
466	4	Making Timiniel's Tonic (Make Timiniel's Tonic by using the recipe received from Noeti Mimilead.)
466	5	Making Timiniel's Tonic (Timiniel's Tonic has been made. Give this to Hierarch Asterios.)
466	-1	[completed]
468	1	Secrets of Night Gardeners (Go into the Garden of Genesis after the sunset, defeat 10 per each of the following creatures: Moon Indoor Gardener, Moon Garden Manager, Garden Protector, and Garden Commander)
468	2	Report to Selina (Go back to Selina at the Garden of Genesis and report to her.)
468	-1	[completed]
469	1	Apherus Watchmen (Defeat 30 Apherus Watchmen who protect the Apherus Prison located inside the garden.)
469	2	Mission Complete (Return to Horpina in the Garden of Genesis to inform her of your success.)
469	-1	[completed]
470	1	Valley of Saints (The Adventurers' Guide has a job from High Priest Agripel in the Town of Rune to eliminate creatures in the Valley of Saints. Monsters to hunt: Eye of Splendor, Claws of Splendor, Flash of Splendor, Blade of Splendor, Wisdom of Splendor, Disciple of Pilgrim, Page of Pilgrim, Fury of Splendor, Soul of Splendor, Pilgrim of Splendor, Victory of Splendor, Punishment of Splendor, Shout of Splendor, Alliance of Splendor, Signet of Splendor, Crown of Splendor, Judge of Fire, Judge of Light, Fang of Splendor, Wailing of Splendor, and Judge of Splendor)
470	2	Return to High Priest Agripel (You have defeated several creatures and collected 20 piles of Remnant Ash. Return to High Priest Agripel in the Town of Rune at the Einhasad Temple to claim your reward.)
470	-1	[completed]
471	1	Hell's Prison Guard Veridan (Defeat Hell's Prison Guard Veridan summoned in the Emerald Square of Crystal Caverns.)
471	2	Status Report (Return to Fioren at the Parnassus.)
471	-1	[completed]
472	1	Flaming Kechi (Defeat Flaming Kechi in the Steam Corridor of Crystal Caverns.)
472	2	Status Report (Return to Fioren at the Crystal Oracle.)
472	-1	[completed]
473	1	Grand Arbitrator Michaela (Defeat Grand Arbitrator Michaela in the Coral Garden of Crystal Caverns.)
473	2	Status Report (Return to Fioren at the Crystal Oracle.)
473	-1	[completed]
474	1	To the Frozen Labyrinth (The Adventurer Helper has a work order from Captain Vishotsky in the Town of Schuttgart to hunt animals in the Frozen Labyrinth and gather the meat in order to replenish the food supplies. Monsters to hunt: Lost Buffalo, Frost Buffalo, Ursus Cub, Ursus, Lost Yeti, and Frost Yeti)
474	2	Return to Captain Vishotsky (You have succeeded in gathering the meat that Vishotsky mentioned. Return to Captain Vishotsky in the Town of Schuttgart and deliver those.)
474	-1	[completed]
476	1	Garden of Beasts (The Adventurer Helper has a work order from the some-what insane Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard. According to Andrei the beasts around Goddard and in the Garden of Beasts are plotting to attack Goddard and require someone to strike first and send a message that Goddard is ready to defend themselves.  Monsters to hunt - Antelope, Bandersnatch, Buffalo, and Grendel)
476	2	Return to Andrei (You have defeated all wild beasts that Captain Andrey mentioned. Return to Captain Andrey of the Town of Goddard.)
476	-1	[completed]
480	1	Krasis Task (Rieyi, who introduced herself as a member of Krasis, gave you an offer to help out Krasis. Go find Linkes, who can be found in the entrance of Cruma Tower, to find out what they have in mind for you.)
480	2	Hidden Cruma Device (Use the Relic Detector to locate and disable the cloaking device on the Hidden Cruma Device which will lead you to Mertes.)
480	3	Find Mertes (The Relic Detector has found the Hidden Cruma Device. Use the device to teleport to Mertes (Can only be performed while in a group).)
480	4	Destroy Mertes (You have moved to a secret location of the Cruma Tower. Defeat Mertes and obtain the Mertes Core. Monsters to hunt: Mertes)
480	5	Speak to Linkes (You have destroyed Mertes and acquired the Mertes Core. Return the Mertes Core and any unused Relic Detectors to Linkes. You might be able to use the space-time teleport Mertes uses to teleport out of this area.)
480	-1	[completed]
481	1	Cruma Tower Clean Out (Dwarf Ridenbag located in the entrance of Cruma Tower introduced himself as a one who helps Krasis, and he asked to defeat monsters in the Cruma Tower. As he quested, let's defeat monsters inside the Cruma Tower. Monsters to hunt: Porta, Excuro, Mordeo, Catherok, Ricenseo, Snipe Cohort, Krator, Sniper, Shindebarn, Premo, Validus, Dicor, Ossiud, Perum, Dark Knight, Torfe, Soldier of Darkness, Liangma, Dark Lord, and Death Knight)
481	2	Return to Ridenbag (You have completed to defeat all monsters in the Cruma Tower that Ridenbag mentioned. Return to Ridenbag who's located at the entrance of Cruma Tower!)
481	-1	[completed]
482	1	Krasis Task (While in Kamaloka, Krasis Agent Rieyi appeared to ask you to assist Krasis with a task. Krasis Agent Kyuori, who can be found at the entrance of the Tower of Insolence, has details on completing this mission.)
482	2	Another Round (Kyuori needs you to remove some of the creatures inhabiting the Tower of Insolence. Monsters to hunt: Exhausted Vengeful Spirit, Wings of Viciousness, Byron's Knight, Terestian, Drill Demon, Knight's Vengeful Spirit, Royal Guard Knight Vengeful Spirit, Byron's Priest, Evil Shadow, Brutal Warrior, Dark Knight, Priest of Darkness, Vampire Queen, Bonehead Slave, Platinum Tribe Soldier, Platinum Tribe Archer, Platinum Tribe Warrior, Platinum Tribe Shaman, Platinum Tribe Overlord, Heaven's Palace Knight, Heaven's Palace Fighter, Heaven's Palace Terminator, Heaven's Palace Priest, Heaven's Palace Judge, Heaven's Palace Sniper, Slaughter Bathin, Bathin's Knight, Bathin's Wizard, Elmoreden's Lady, Elmoreden's Archer Escort, Elmoreden's Maid, Elmoreden's Guardian Warrior, Binder, Bound Warrior, Bound Archer, Heaven's Palace Seraphim, and Heaven's Palace Seraphim Escort)
482	3	Return to Kyuori (And again, on that last note the final creature is dead. Return to Kyuori to claim your reward.)
482	-1	[completed]
483	1	Blood Samples (As Ende requested, defeat monsters in the Tower of Insolence. Collect 10 Loyal Servants' Blood. While not required, if you collect 1 Truthful One's Blood, you will receive an additional reward. Loyal Servants to hunt: Vladimir's Warrior, Lazearth' Warrior, Kenneth Bastian, Beastian, Birestian, Heaven Palace Guard Warrior, Heaven Palace Guard Knight.  Truthful Ones to hunt: Destroyer Lazearth, Savage Ken, and Executioner Vladimir)
483	2	Return to Ende (You have the blood samples. Return to Ende.)
483	-1	[completed]
485	1	Collect Water Samples (Work order from Adventurer Helper to collect Hot Springs Water Samples from the Hot Springs creatures. Collect 40 of them and then deliver them to Warehouse Keeper Walderal in the Town of Aden so he can start his new business. Monsters to hunt - Hot Springs Bandersnatchling, Hot Springs Buffalo, Hot Springs Flava, Hot Springs Atroxspawn, Hot Springs Antelope, Hot Springs Nepenthes, Hot Springs Yeti, Hot Springs Atrox, Hot Springs Bandersnatch, and Hot Springs Grendel)
485	2	Return to Walderal (You have collected all 40 Samples. Return to Walderal in Aden to collect your reward.)
485	-1	[completed]
488	1	Relic Box Hunting (A work order from the Adventurers' Guide to acquire Relic Boxes from the creatures in the Silent Valley. Collect 50 of them and deliver them to Recipe Merchant Dolphren at the Aden Blacksmith shop. Monsters to hunt: Chimera Piece, Soldier of Ancient Times, Mutated Creation, Warrior of the Ancients, Shaman of Ancient Times, Creature of the Past, Forgotten Ancient People, Forgotten Face, and Giant's Shadow)
488	2	Return to Dolphren (You have collected all the required items from and now you can return to Dolphren at the Aden Blacksmith shop.)
488	-1	[completed]
489	1	Shrine of Loyalty (The Adventurers' Guide has a work order from Priest Bastian at the Einhasad Temple in the Town of Goddard to hunt creatures in the Shrine of Loyalty and collect 77 Traces of Evil. Monsters to hunt: Grave Scarabs, Scavenger Scarabs, Grave Ants, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights, and Shrine Guards)
489	2	Return to Bastian (You have completed your task and collected all the required items. Take them to Priest Bastian at the Einhasad Temple in the Town of Goddard.)
489	-1	[completed]
490	1	Collect Research Ingredients (Trader Vollodos in the Bloody Swampland is collect ingredients for his research on how to deal with the epidemic that is spreading from the Bloody Swampland. Help him by defeating the monsters nearby and collecting the Putrefied Extracts and Rotten Blood. Monsters to hunt: Corpse Devourer, Corpse Absorber, Corpse Shredder, Plagueworm, Contaminated Rottenroot, Decayed Spore, Swamp Tracker, Swamp Assassin, Swamp Watcher, Corpse Collector, Delegate of Blood, Blood Aide)
490	2	Return to Trader Vollodos (You defeated a sufficient number of monsters in the Bloody Swampland and collected all their Putrefied Extracts and Rotten Blood. Go back to Trader Vollodos.)
490	-1	[completed]
491	1	Defeat Succubi (Goddard Vanguard Sirik asks you to defeat the Succubi that are appearing near the Shrine of Loyalty. Defeat them and bring back the Dimensional Fragments that you collect. Monsters To hunt - Succubus Soldier, Succubus Warrior, Succubus Archer, Succubus Shaman)
491	2	To Sirik (You defeated the monsters in the Shrine of Loyalty and collected the Dimensional Fragments. Bring them back to Goddard Vanguard Sirik.)
491	-1	[completed]
492	1	Retrieve the Relics of the Empire (Vice Hierarch Zenya who is staying in the Imperial Tomb says that the Succubus monsters are collecting relics needed for Shilen's resurrection. She asks you to steal away their relics in order to block the resurrection of Shilen. Enter the Imperial Tomb, defeat the monsters, and retrieve the relics of the empire. To hunt - Apparition Destroyer, Apparition Assassin, Apparition Sniper, Apparition Sorcerer)
492	2	To Vice Hierarch Zenya (Return to the entrance of the Imperial Tomb and deliver the Relics of the Empire to Vice Hierarch Zenya.)
492	-1	[completed]
493	1	Threat from the Seal of Shilen (Defeat 20 of the Resurrected Creations, Insane Creations, Undead Creature, Hellish Creature, and Shilen's Messenger near the Seal of Shilen.)
493	2	To Agent Georgio (Report back to Agent Georgio in the Town of Aden.)
493	-1	[completed]
494	1	Zellaka (Defeat the demon "Zellaka" in Kartia's Labyrinth. (Lv. 85 party) To hunt - Zellaka)
494	2	Status Report (Return to the Kartia Researcher.)
494	-1	[completed]
495	1	Pelline (Defeat the demon "Pelline" in Kartia's Labyrinth. (Lv. 90 party) To hunt - Pelline)
495	2	Status Report (Report to the Kartia Researcher in the Town of Aden.)
495	-1	[completed]
496	1	Kalios (Defeat the demon Kalios in Kartia's Labyrinth (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP). (Lv. 95 party) Monsters to hunt: Kalios)
496	2	Status Report (Report to the Kartia Researcher in the Town of Aden.)
496	-1	[completed]
497	1	Incarnation of Greed, Zellaka (Defeat Zellaka in Kartia's Labyrinth. (Lv. 85 solo) To hunt - Zellaka)
497	2	To the Kartia Researcher (Report back to the Kartia Researcher in the Town of Aden.)
497	-1	[completed]
498	1	Incarnation of Jealousy, Pelline (Defeat Pelline in Kartia's Labyrinth. (Lv. 90 solo) To hunt - Pelline)
498	2	To the Kartia Researcher (Report back to the Kartia Researcher in the Town of Aden.)
498	-1	[completed]
499	1	Incarnation of Gluttony, Kalios (Defeat Kalios in Kartia's Labyrinth (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP). (Lv. 95 solo) Monsters to hunt: Kalios)
499	2	To the Kartia Researcher (Report back to the Kartia Researcher in the Town of Aden.)
499	-1	[completed]
500	1	Crumbs of Penitence (Summon a Sin Eater and hunt monsters to collect 10 Crumbs of Penitence.)
500	-1	[completed]
501	1	Testimony of a Witch (Quest that must be completed in order to raise a clan level to level 4. Sir Kristof Rodemai of the Town of Giran is seeking a clan leader to restore order in the kingdom. Find Sir Rodemai and speak to him. He will say that he cannot join forces with someone whose skills are yet unproven, and recommends you to first attempt and pass the trial of Witch Kalis. If you complete her test and return safely, he promises to give you the 'Alliance Manifesto,' which will thus expand the clan's powers and influences. First, go and seek Witch Kalis near the vicinity of the Ivory Tower.)
501	2	Proof of Loyalty (Witch Kalis says she will test whether the clan members will give up their lives for their clan leader and says to prove the faithfulness of three clan members on the Statue of Offering. If you get three marks of faithfulness, you can pass her test.)
501	3	Can They Be Trusted? (Witch Kalis is testing the trust of the clan leader by asking him to take poison. Before the clan leader dies, the clan members must obtain all the ingredients on the antidote's ingredient list. Of those ingredients, blood of Eva can be only obtained by meeting Witch Athrea. Monsters to be hunted - Plains of Glory: Vanor Silenos shamans Outlaw Forest: Ol Mahum Shamen The Forest of Mirrors: Harit Lizardman shamans.)
501	4	Hero with a Sincere Heart (You have passed the test of Witch Kalis and received a Voucher of Faith. Now, go to the Town of Giran and meet with Sir Kristof Rodemai, a true hero. He is waiting for your return.)
501	-1	[completed]
503	1	Sir Gustav's Business (Quest that must be fulfilled in order to raise a clan to level 5. Upon meeting Sir Gustav Athebaldt in the Town of Oren, he expresses his desire to aid the young and courageous leaders of the kingdom. He promises to give you the 'Seal of Aspiration,' which is needed when expanding the clan's powers and influences should you agree to join forces with him. Sir Athebaldt asks you to help him prepare for the attack against the dragon Antharas; and tells you to go meet Marvin in the Town of Giran.)
503	2	Collect Wyrm Eggs (Martien is running a business that involves collecting eggs of Drakes and Wyrms. He asks that you go to Death Pass and collect ten eggs each of Thunder Wyrm, Drake, Blitz Wyrm and Mist Drake. Blitz Wyrms and Mist Drakes are very rare and cannot be found by ordinary methods. Get some clues if you meet with the Dwarven Bounty Hunters who have been dispatched earlier. Monster to be Hunted - Drake, Thunder Wyrm, Blitz Wyrm)
503	3	Sir Gustav Athebaldt (You have collected all the drake and wyrm eggs and delivered them to Martien. Now, return to Sir Gustav Athebaldt.)
503	4	Dwarven Artisan (Sir Gustav Athebaldt instructs you to go meet Dwarven Artisan Balthazar, who he is supporting, and help him in his research. Go to Hunter's Village and meet Balthazar.)
503	5	New Energy Source (The Dwarven Artisan Balthazar says that he is in the process of developing a new source of energy. His research requires 10 Spiteful Soul Energies. These ingredients can be obtained on the Fields of Massacre. Monsters to be hunted - Spiteful Soul Leader)
503	6	Sir Gustav Athebaldt (You have gotten all the ingredients required for Balthazar's research into golem development. Now go back to Sir Gustav Athebaldt.)
503	7	Scepter of Judgment (Sir Gustav Athebaldt says that he wants to hold the scepter of judgment in his hand and says to go get that. First go to Aden and meet Sir Eric Rodemai, who is a follower of Sir Athebaldt.)
503	8	Mysterious Witch (In order for Sir Eric Rodemai to give you a hint on where you can find the scepter of judgment, he says that you must meet Witch Cleo. Follow his instructions and find Witch Cleo who is to the east of Aden.)
503	9	Witch's Riddle (You asked Witch Cleo about the scepter of judgment and all you got in return was a cryptic answer. Go back to Sir Eric Rodemai and ask him about the meaning of the riddle.)
503	10	Ancient Grave (Sir Eric Rodemai solved the riddle of Witch Cleo for you. Use the clues he gives you to get the scepter of judgment. Hunt the grave keymaster, imperial slave and the imperial gravekeeper.)
503	11	Glory in Your Hand (You've got the scepter of judgment! Now take this to Sir Gustav Athebaldt.)
503	12	Who is the Valid Heir? (Are you going to give the scepter of judgment to Sir Gustav Athebaldt or just talk to him about it?)
503	-1	[completed]
504	1	Right to Participate (This quest must be accomplished in order to participate in a clan hall war. You must be the first of five to kill Tarlk bugbears and Tarlk basilisks and bring back 30 proofs. Successful completion of this quest permits participation in a clan hall war. In the Forest of Evil, hunt Tarlk Bugbears, Tarlk Bugbear Warriors and Tarlk Bugbear High Warriors. In the Outlaw Forest hunt Tarlk Basilisks and Elder Tarlk Basilisks.)
504	-1	[completed]
505	1	Hunt Dungeon Monsters for an Offering (Kill as many evil creatures as possible within 18 minutes!  If you wish to quit without completing the festival, or if you wish to make the festival more challenging, speak with a Festival Witch.)
505	-1	[completed]
508	1	Establish the Clan's Reputation (Sir Eric Rodemai of the Town of Aden needs a brave adventurer to help boost the clan's reputation by defeating the Raid Bosses currently terrorizing the townspeople. Get more details from Sir Eric.)
508	-1	[completed]
509	1	Achieve the Clan's Fame (Grand Magister Valdis of the Town of Rune is looking for a brave mage to  help enhance the clan's prestige by defeating the Raid Bosses currently terrorizing the townspeople. Get more details from Grand Magister Valdis.)
509	-1	[completed]
510	1	Raise the Clan's Prestige (Grand Magister Valdis in the Town of Rune is looking for a clan anxious to enhance its reputation. If you retrieve the Tyrannosaurus claw that he needs from the Primeval Isle, he promises to help you increase your clan's reputation. Go find the Tyrannosaurus claw. Monsters to hunt: Tyrannosaurus)
510	-1	[completed]
511	1	Fortress Dungeon (Three groups of imprisoned monsters have been spotted recently in the long-neglected dungeon beneath the Fortress. If you eliminate them and bring back the Dungeon Leader Mark as proof, the Camp Warden will provide you with the Knight's Epaulette, which will allow you to trade with Fortress Certificate. Monsters to be hunted - Brand the Exile, Commander Koenig, and Gerg the Hunter.)
511	-1	[completed]
512	1	Into the Castle Dungeon (Three groups of monsters have been spotted recently in the long-neglected Castle Dungeon.  If you eliminate them, and bring back the Fragment of the Dungeon Leader Mark as proof, the Warden will reward you with the Knight's Epaulette, which allows you to trade with Castle Certificate.)
512	-1	[completed]
551	1	Join Olympiad Match (Participate in 50 Olympiad matches. The type of match is irrelevant. Even if you do not complete 50 matches, if you participate in 5, 10, or more matches, you can receive a corresponding reward (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP).)
551	2	Completed 50 Matches (That's 10 matches. Return to the Olympiad Manager.)
551	-1	[completed]
552	1	Join Olympiad Match (Join the Olympiad and participate in 5 matches per match type (3 vs 3 match, class irrelevant match, and class specific match). Even if you cannot participate in all 3 match types, you can still claim some form of a reward if you can participate at least 5 times in 1 type of match.)
552	2	Mission complete (The mission is complete. Return to the Grand Olympiad Manager.)
552	-1	[completed]
553	1	10 Consecutive Wins (Join the Olympiad and achieve 10 consecutive wins. If you lose a match, your consecutive win record will reset. Even if you lose a match, you'll still receive a reward but who wants to finish second?)
553	2	Undisputed Champion (No one can stop you. Return to the Olympiad Manager.)
553	-1	[completed]
601	1	Hunting Disciples (The Eye of Argos orders you to punish the disciples who tormented him and bring back 100 marks of disciple. Monsters to be hunted - Disciples of Protection, Disciples of Punishment, Disciples of Authority)
601	2	Mark of Disciple (You've collected all the marks of disciple. Show them to the Eye of Argos.)
601	-1	[completed]
602	1	Daimon's Family (The Eye of Argos orders you to catch monsters controlled by the family of Daimon the White-Eyed and collect 100 eyes of darkness in order to prevent Daimon from expanding his power. Monsters to be hunted - Buffalo Slaves, Grendel Slaves)
602	2	Eye of Darkness (You've collected the 100 eyes of darkness that Eye of Argos demanded. Take them to the Eye of Argos.)
602	-1	[completed]
603	1	Secret of Tablet - 1 (The Eye of Argos orders you to find the ancient tablet that describes how the ancient heroes defeated Daimon the White-Eyed.)
603	2	Secret of Tablet - 2 (It describes how the heroes defeated Daimon, but the text is incomplete. Find another tablet.)
603	3	Secret of Tablet - 3 (It describes how the heroes defeated Daimon, but the text is incomplete. Find another tablet.)
603	4	Secret of Tablet - 4 (It describes how the heroes defeated Daimon, but the text is incomplete. Find another tablet.)
603	5	Secret of Tablet - 5 (It describes how the heroes defeated Daimon, but the text is incomplete. Find another tablet.)
603	6	To the Eye of Argos (You've figured out how the heroes defeated Daimon. Take the crystal piece to the Eye of Argos.)
603	7	Collect the Thoughts of Darkness (The Eye of Argos needs 10 thoughts of darkness to make a bead of summoning to call Daimon the White-Eyed. Get the thoughts of darkness from Canyon Bandersnatch Slaves, Buffalo Slaves and Grendel Slaves, Daimon's family. Monsters to be hunted - Canyon Bandersnatch Slaves, Buffalo Slaves, Grendel Slaves)
603	8	To the Eye of Argos (You've collected all 200 thoughts of darkness. Take them to the Eye of Argos.)
603	-1	[completed]
604	1	Ritual of Summoning (The Eye of Argos gives you a bead of summoning to call Daimon the White-Eyed and tells you to go to the Altar of Daimon, summon Daimon and kill him.)
604	2	Battle - Daimon the White-Eyed (Daimon the White-Eyed with the scary look has showed up. You must become the sword of justice to judge evils in the world and defeat Daimon.)
604	3	The Hero's Escape (You've killed Daimon the White-Eyed. Go to the Eye of Argos and tell him that you defeated Daimon.)
604	-1	[completed]
605	1	Form an Alliance! (To obtain the "Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 1" as proof of your acceptance by the Ketra Orcs, you must bring back 100 "Varka's Badges - Soldier". Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Footmen, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters and Varka Silenos Shamans.)
605	2	Strengthen the Alliance! (To obtain the "Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 2," you must bring back 200 "Varka's Badges - Soldier" and 100 "Varka's Badges - Captain."  If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Footmen, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters, Varka Silenos Shamans, Varka Silenos Priests, Warriors, Mediums, Magus, Officers, Commanders and Elite Guards)
605	3	Strengthen the Alliance! (To obtain the "Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 3," you must bring back 300 "Varka's Badges - Soldier," 200 "Varka's Badges - Captain," and 100 "Varka's Badges - General."   If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Footmen, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters, Varka Silenos Shamans, Varka Silenos Priests, Warriors, Mediums, Magus, Officers, Commanders, Elite Guards, Varka Silenos Great Magus, Generals, Great Seers, Varka's Prophets and Disciples of Prophet, Prophet Guards, Varka's Head Magus and Varka's Head Guards.)
605	4	Strengthen the Alliance! (To obtain the "Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 4" you must bring back 300 "Varka's Badges - Soldier," 300 "Varka's Badges - Captain," and 200 "Varka's Badges - General." You must also obtain the totem of courage by fulfilling the Prove your Courage quest and bringing back the totem. If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Footmen, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters, Varka Silenos Shamans, Varka Silenos Priests, Warriors, Mediums, Magus, Officers, Commanders, Elite Guards, Varka Silenos Great Magus, Generals, Great Seers, Varka's prophets and Disciples of Prophet, Prophet Guards, Varka's Head Magus and Varka's Head Guard.)
605	5	Strengthen the Alliance! (To obtain the "Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 5" you must bring back 400 "Varka's Badges - Soldier," 400 "Varka's Badges - Captain," and 200 "Varka's Badges - General." You must also obtain the totem of strategy by fulfilling the Slay the Enemy Commander quest.  If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Footmen, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters, Varka Silenos Shamans, Varka Silenos Priests, Warriors, Mediums, Magus, Officers, Commanders, Elite Guards, Varka Silenos Great Magus, Generals, Great Seers, Varka's Prophets and Disciples of Prophet, Prophet Guards, Varka's Head Magus and Varka's Head Guard.)
605	6	Privilege of an Alliance (The Ketra Orcs grant many privileges to their allies. They may purchase various supplies from Grocer Atan and specialty items from Trader Jumara, and also ask Gatekeeper Kurfa for teleportation service.  If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken.)
605	-1	[completed]
606	1	Defeat the enemy! (Hierarch Kadun Zu Ketra has issued the order to attack! Go to their stronghold and slay the Varka Silenos! As proof, collect and bring back 100 manes of Varka Silenos.  If you harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Varka Silenos Recruits, Varka Silenos Scouts, Varka Silenos Hunters, Varka Silenos Shamans, Varka Silenos Priests, Varka Silenos Warriors, Varka Silenos Mediums, Varka Silenos Officers, Varka Silenos Seers, Varka Silenos Great Magus, Varka Silenos Generals, Varka Silenos Great Seers, Varka Silenos Commanders and Varka's Head Magus.)
606	-1	[completed]
607	1	Slay the hero! (Kadun Zu Ketra, the elder of Ketra Orcs has assigned to you the Test of Courage. Go to Varka Silenos Stronghold, slay Varka's Hero Shadith and bring back his head.  While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, the mission will be canceled automatically. Monster to hunt - Varka's Hero Shadith)
607	2	Return to the Elder (You've slain Shadith, hero of Varka and cut off his head! Return to Kadun Zu Ketra, the elder of Ketra Orcs!   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, this mission will be canceled automatically.)
607	-1	[completed]
608	1	Slay the Commander! (Kadun Zu Ketra, the elder of Ketra Orcs has issued a special strategic order. Go to the Varka Silenos Stronghold, slay Varka's commander Mos and bring back his head.  While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, this mission will be canceled automatically. Monster to hunt - Varka's commander Mos)
608	2	Return to the Elder (You've slain Varka's commander Mos and cut off his head!  Return to Kadun Zu Ketra, the elder of Ketra Orcs!   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, this mission will be canceled automatically.)
608	-1	[completed]
609	1	Meet the Guide of Dead Souls! (Meet Asefa in the Ketra Orc Village.  However, if you ever harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken.)
609	2	Steal the magical power of water! (Steal the totem from the box of Udan Mardui in the Varka Silenos Stronghold. If you're discovered in the midst of your mission and get accursed, you must stop the mission and return to Asefa, Guide of Dead Souls.  However, if you ever harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken.)
609	3	Return to Asefa (You've successfully stolen the totem from the box of Udan Mardui! Return to Asefa!)
609	-1	[completed]
610	1	Varka's Sacred Altar (Go to the sacred altar of Varka Silenos and use the green totem. A spirit of water will appear. Kill it and obtain the essence of its power!  However, if you ever harm a Ketra Orc while carrying out this mission your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monster to Hunt - Ashutar, the Spirit of Water)
610	2	Slay the Spirit of Water (Slay Ashutar, the spirit of water, and steal the source of its power!   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, this mission will be canceled automatically. Monster to Hunt - Ashutar, the Spirit of Water)
610	3	Return to the Guide of Dead Souls! (Take the ice heart of Ashutar and return to Asefa, Guide of Dead Souls.   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Ketra Orc, this mission will be canceled automatically.)
610	-1	[completed]
611	1	Form an Alliance! (In order to obtain the Mark of Varka's Alliance - Level 1, you must first bring back 100 Ketra's Badges - Soldier.   Monsters to be hunted - Ketra Orc Footmen, Ketra Orc Raiders, Ketra Orc Scouts, Ketra Orc Shamans and Ketra's War Hounds.)
611	2	Strengthen the Alliance! (In order to obtain the Mark of Varka's Alliance - Level 2, you must bring back 200 Ketra's Badges - Soldier and 100 Ketra's Badges - Captain.  However, if you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Ketra Orc Footman, Raiders, War Hounds, Scouts, and Shamans for the Soldier badge.  Ketra Orc Warriors, Lieutenants, Mediums, Elite Soldiers, Commands, Elite Guards, White Captains, and Seers to obtain the Captain badge.)
611	3	Strengthen the Alliance! (In order to obtain the Mark of Varka's Alliance - Level 3, you must bring back 300 Ketra's Badges - Soldier, 200 Ketra's Badges - Captain, and 100 Ketra's Badges - General.  If you harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded  one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Ketra Orc Footman, Raiders, War Hounds, Scouts, and Shamans for the Soldier badge.  Ketra Orc Warriors, Lieutenants, Mediums, Elite Soldiers, Commands, Elite Guards, White Captains, and Seers to obtain the Captain badge.  To get the General's Badge you must kill Ketra Orc Generals, Battalion Commanders, Grand Seers, Head Shamans, Head Guards, Prophets, Prophet's Guard, and Prophet's Aide.)
611	4	Strengthen the Alliance! (In order to obtain Mark of Ketra's Alliance - Level 4 you must bring back 300 Varka's Badges - Soldier, 200 Varka's Badges - Captain, and 100 Varka's Badges - General. You must also obtain the totem of courage by fulfilling the Prove your Courage quest and bringing back the totem. Monsters to be hunted -  Ketra Orc Footman, Raiders, War Hounds, Scouts, and Shamans for the Soldier badge.  Ketra Orc Warriors, Lieutenants, Mediums, Elite Soldiers, Commands, Elite Guards, White Captains, and Seers to obtain the Captain badge.  To get the General's Badge you must kill Ketra Orc Generals, Battalion Commanders, Grand Seers, Head Shamans, Head Guards, Prophets, Prophet's Guard, and Prophet's Aide.)
611	5	Strengthen the Alliance! (In order to obtain Mark of Varka's Alliance - Level 4 you must bring back 300 Ketra's Badges - Soldier, 200 Ketra's Badges - Captain, and 100 Ketra's Badges - General. You must also obtain the feather of strategy by fulfilling the Slay the Enemy Commander quest.  If you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken. Monsters to be hunted - Ketra Orc Footman, Raiders, War Hounds, Scouts, and Shamans for the Soldier badge.  Ketra Orc Warriors, Lieutenants, Mediums, Elite Soldiers, Commands, Elite Guards, White Captains, and Seers to obtain the Captain badge.  To get the General's Badge you must kill Ketra Orc Generals, Battalion Commanders, Grand Seers, Head Shamans, Head Guards, Prophets, Prophet's Guard, and Prophet's Aide.)
611	6	Privileges of the Alliance (The Varka Silenos Tribe grants many privileges to their allies. They can purchase various supplies from Grocer Diyabu and specialty items from Trader Shikon, and also ask Gatekeeper Teranu Mardui for teleportation service. If you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, your mark of ally will be downgraded one level and the alliance will be broken.)
611	-1	[completed]
612	1	Defeat the Enemy! (Elder Ashas Varka Durai issued the order to attack! Go to the Ketra Orc Outpost and slay the enemy, Ketra Orcs. And as proof, collect and bring back 100 molars of Ketra Orcs. However, if you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, the mission will be cancelled automatically. Monsters to be hunted - Ketra Orc Footman, Ketra Orc Raider, Ketra Orc Scout, Ketra Orc Shaman, Ketra Orc Warrior, Ketra Orc Lieutenant, Ketra Orc Medium, Ketra Orc Commander, Ketra Orc General, Ketra Orc Battalion Commander, Ketra Orc Grand Seer, Ketra's Head Shaman, and Ketra Prophet.)
612	-1	[completed]
613	1	Slay the Hero! (Ashas Varka Durai, the elder of Varka Silenos has assigned to you the Test of Courage. Go to the Ketra Orc Outpost, slay Ketra's Hero Hekaton and bring back his head. Monster to hunt - Ketra's Hero Hekaton.   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically.)
613	2	Return to the Elder (You have slain Hekaton, hero of Ketra and cut off his head! Now, return to Ashas Varka Durai, the elder of Varka Silenos.   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically.)
613	-1	[completed]
614	1	Slay the Commander! (Ashas Varka Durai, the elder of Varka Silenos has issued a special strategic order.  Go to Ketra Orc Outpost, slay Ketra's commander Tayr and bring back his head. Monster to hunt - Ketra Commander Tayr   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically.)
614	2	Return to the Elder (You have slain Ketra's commander Tayr and cut off his head!  Now, return to Ashas Varka Durai, the elder of Varka Silenos!   While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically.)
614	-1	[completed]
615	1	Meet the Guide of Dead Souls! (Meet Udan Mardui, Guide of Dead Souls, who is located in the Varka Silenos Village.  However, if you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, the mission will be cancelled automatically.)
615	2	Steal the Power! (Steal the totem from the box of Asefa who is located in Ketra Orc Outpost. If you are discovered in the midst of your mission and get accursed, you must stop the mission and return to Udan Mardui, Guide of Dead Souls.  If you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, the mission will be cancelled automatically.)
615	3	Return to Mardui (You have successfully stolen the totem from the box of Asefa! Now, return to Udan Mardui, Guide of Dead Souls!)
615	-1	[completed]
616	1	Ketra's Sacred Altar (Go to the sacred altar of Ketra Orcs and use the red totem. Then, a spirit of fire will appear. Kill the spirit of fire and obtain the essence of its power!  However, if you ever harm a Varka Silenos while carrying out this mission, the mission will be cancelled automatically.  Monster to hunt - Nastron, the Spirit of Fire.)
616	2	Slay the Spirit of Fire! (Slay Nastron, a spirit of fire and steal the source of its power!  While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically. Monster to hunt - Nastron, the Spirit of Fire.)
616	3	Return to the Guide of Dead Souls! (Take the flaming heart of Nastron and return to Udan Mardui, Guide of Dead Souls.  While carrying out the mission, if you attack a Varka Silenos, this mission will be cancelled automatically.)
616	-1	[completed]
617	1	Collecting Flames (Blacksmith Vulcan is collecting the Torches located in the lower level of the Forge of the Gods. You can obtain them by slaying the monsters within the Forge of the Gods.  Monsters to Hunt - All monsters in the Forge of the Gods)
617	2	Return to Vulcan (You've defeated all the monsters in the Forge of the Gods and collected the torches as Vulcan requested. Now return to Blacksmith Vulcan in the Forge of the Gods, Lower Level.)
617	-1	[completed]
618	1	Get the Vacualite (Klein says you must have a set of floating stones to enter the Flame Pass. You can create the set of floating stones with vacualite. Speak with Blacksmith Hilda in the Town of Goddard to obtain vacualite.)
618	2	Obtain the Ore (You need Vacualite ore to make Vacualite. Hunt monsters in the Garden of Beasts and collect 50 Vacualite ore.  Monsters to be hunted - Kookaburras, Bandersnatch and Grendels)
618	3	Return to Blacksmith Hilda (You've collected the Vacualite ore you need. Return to Blacksmith Hilda in the Town of Goddard.)
618	4	Return to Klein (You've got the vacualite. Return to Klein at the Forge of the Gods.)
618	-1	[completed]
619	1	Collecting Relics (The Ghost of Adventurer collects relics of the nobles who were killed when they came to the cemetery to pay their respects. Take him 1000 relics and he'll give you a reward. Monsters to be hunted - All the Monsters inside of the Imperial Tomb)
619	-1	[completed]
620	1	Collecting Four Goblets (The Nameless Spirit at the entrance to the Four Sepulchers is collecting four goblets that can be recovered by killing the Shadows of Halisha. Kill the Shadows of Halisha deep inside of the Four Sepulchers and collect the four goblets. Monsters to be hunted - Shadows of Halisha)
620	2	Destroy the Evil Spirits (You've delivered the four goblets to the Nameless Spirit. It asks that you continue to destroy the evil spirits inside of the Four Sepulchers.)
620	-1	[completed]
621	1	Delivery of Eggs - Pulin (You've decided to become Jeremy's eggman. Deliver the boiled eggs to Pulin in the northeast part of the Hot Springs area.)
621	2	Delivery of Eggs - Naff (You've decided to become Jeremy's eggman. Deliver the boiled eggs to Naff in the center of the Hot Springs area.)
621	3	Delivery of Eggs - Crocus (You've decided to become Jeremy's eggman. Deliver the boiled eggs to Crocus in the west of the Hot Springs area.)
621	4	Delivery of Eggs - Kuber (You've decided to become Jeremy's eggman. Deliver the boiled eggs to Kuber in the northwest of the Hot Springs area.)
621	5	Delivery of Eggs - Beolin (You've decided to become Jeremy's eggman. Deliver the boiled eggs to Beolin in the north of the Hot Springs area.)
621	6	Delivery of Eggs - To Jeremy (You've worked hard and finished all of Jeremy's deliveries. Return to him and get your wages.)
621	7	Delivery of Eggs - To Valentine (Chef Jeremy says he doesn't have money and tells you to ask Valentine in the Town of Goddard for payment.)
621	-1	[completed]
622	1	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - Beolin (You've decided to become Jeremy's liquor delivery person. Deliver the special liquor to Beolin in the north of the Hot Springs area.)
622	2	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - Kuber (You've decided to become Jeremy's liquor delivery person. Deliver the special liquor to Kuber in the northwest of the Hot Springs area.)
622	3	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - Crocus (You've decided to become Jeremy's liquor delivery person. Deliver the special liquor to Crocus in the west of the Hot Springs area.)
622	4	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - Naff (You've decided to become Jeremy's liquor delivery person. Deliver the special liquor to Naff in the center of the Hot Springs area.)
622	5	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - Pulin (You've decided to become Jeremy's liquor delivery person. Deliver the special liquor to Pulin in the northeast part of the Hot Springs area.)
622	6	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - To Jeremy (You've worked hard and finished all of Jeremy's deliveries. Return to him and get your wages.)
622	7	Delivery of Specialty Liquor - To Lietta (Chef Jeremy says he doesn't have money and tells you to ask Warehouse Keeper Lietta in the Town of Goddard for payment.)
622	-1	[completed]
623	1	Pride of the Master Chef (Chef Jeremy asks you to obtain 100 Flava Leaves, 100 Pieces of Buffalo Meat and 100 Antelope Horns in order to make a dish that will definitely impress the nobles who insulted him.  Monsters to be hunted - Hot Springs Flava, Hot Springs Buffalo, Hot Springs Antelope)
623	2	Delivering Rare Ingredients (You've obtained 100 each of flava leaves, buffalo meat and antelope horns. Deliver them to Chef Jeremy.)
623	-1	[completed]
624	1	Get the Bait (Chef Jeremy needs some yeti meat to win the cooking contest. He asks you to bring him some. Monsters to be hunted - Hot Springs Atrox, Hot Springs Atroxspawn, Hot Springs Bandersnatchlings, Hot Springs Nepenthes)
624	2	Delivering Rare Ingredients (You've obtained 50 each of nepenthes stems, bandersnatchling foot soles and secret spices. Deliver them to Chef Jeremy.)
624	3	Return to Jeremy (You've obtained all the ingredients Chef Jeremy requested. Now take them to him.)
624	-1	[completed]
625	1	Bumbalump Hunting (Chef Jeremy cooked a very special dish for the Icicle Emperor Bumbalump. Go to the yeti's table, put the dish down and wait for him.)
625	2	Entice Bumbalump! (Catch Icicle Emperor Bumbalump and get the yeti meat.)
625	3	The Hunter's Escape (You've obtained the ingredient that Chef Jeremy wanted by catching Bumbalump. Take it to Chef Jeremy.)
625	-1	[completed]
626	1	Get rid of the Obstacles (The Hierarch in charge of the Evil Altar asks you to eliminate those who interfere with the activities of his followers. Get rid of them and obtain 300 units of Blood of Saint. Monsters to be hunted - Eye of Splendor, Flash of Splendor, Blade of Splendor, Wisdom of Splendor, Soul of Splendor, Victory of Splendor, Punishment of Splendor, Shout of Splendor, Signet of Splendor, Crown of Splendor and Wailing of Splendor ")
626	2	Show proof of your activities (As the Hierarch requested, you've collected 300 units of Blood of Saint as proof of your accomplishments. Take them to the Hierarch.)
626	-1	[completed]
627	1	Collect the Beads of Obedience (The Mysterious Necromancer asks you to collect 300 Beads of Obedience. Monsters to be hunted - Eye of Splendor, Flash of Splendor, Blade of Splendor, Wisdom of Splendor, Soul of Splendor, Victory of Splendor, Punishment of Splendor, Shout of Splendor, Signet of Splendor, Crown of Splendor and Wailing of Splendor)
627	2	Find the Mysterious Necromancer (You've collected all 300 Beads of Obedience that the Mysterious Necromancer asked for. Deliver the beads to him.)
627	3	Find Enfeux (Enfeux is the place where saints' bones are kept. Take the Seal of Light that the Mysterious Necromancer gave you and visit Enfeux.)
627	4	Find the Mysterious Necromancer (You've got the saints' bones by using the Seal of Light. Deliver the saints' bones to the Mysterious Necromancer.)
627	-1	[completed]
628	1	Join the Golden Ram (In order to join the Golden Ram Mercenary Force, you must first prove your ability. Go to the Swamp of Screams, slay stakatos and collect the proofs. After completing the mission, return to Mercenary Kahman. Monsters to be hunted - Splinter Stakatos, Splinter Stakato Workers, Splinter Stakato Soldiers and Splinter Stakato Drones)
628	2	Promotion to Elite Soldier (The recruits of the Golden Ram Mercenary force receive a few privileges. One can receive a quest from Mercenary Captain Pierce and obtain specialty items from Mercenary Supplier Abercrombie.  If you would like to receive more privileges, you must first become an elite soldier. Go to the Swamp of Screams, kill stakatos and contribute to the war effort! After completing the mission, return to Mercenary Kahman. Monsters to be hunted - Splinter Stakatos, Splinter Stakato Workers, Splinter Stakato Soldiers, Splinter Stakato Drones, Needle Stakatos, Needle Stakato Workers, Needle Stakato Soldiers and  Needle Stakato Drones)
628	3	Elite Soldier Privileges (An elite soldier of the Golden Ram Mercenary Force receives several privileges. One can receive a quest from Mercenary Captain Pierce and obtain specialty items from Mercenary Supplier Abercrombie. In addition, an elite soldier can also receive help from Mercenary Medic Selina in the form of beneficial magic.)
628	-1	[completed]
629	1	Slaughter the Stakatos! (Pierce, captain of the Golden Ram Mercenary Force has assigned you the task of driving out the stakatos. Go to the Swamp of Screams and slay splinter stakatos and needle stakatos. As proof of your success, collect 100 claws of stakatos. When you bring them back to the barracks of the mercenary force, you'll receive a reward. Monsters to be hunted - Splinter Stakatos, Splinter Stakato Workers, Splinter Stakato Soldiers, Splinter Stakato Drones, Needle Stakatos, Needle Stakato Workers, Needle Stakato Soldiers and Needle Stakato Drones)
629	-1	[completed]
631	1	Perfect Cut (Tunatun says he needs Prime Meat. The best cut of meat comes from fully grown Alpine animals. Feed the animals until they are fully grown, then slaughter them and collect the Prime Meat.  Monsters to be hunted - Adult Grendel, Adult Kookaburra, Adult Buffalo, Adult Cougar.)
631	2	Return to Tunatun (You have 120 cuts of Prime Meat. Speak with Tunatun to claim your reward.)
631	-1	[completed]
632	1	Vampire Hunting (The Mysterious Wizard in the Forest of the Dead town asks two things. Kill vampires and hunt the undead that show up at night. Do this for him. Monsters to be hunted -  Vampire - Devil Bats, Atrox and all other vampires in the Forest of the Dead. General Undead: Corrupted Knights, Resurrected Knights, Corrupted Royal Guards, Resurrected Royal Guards, Slaughter Executioners, Guillotine's Ghosts, Resurrected Guards, Ghosts of Guillotine, Ghosts of Rebel Soldiers, Ghosts of Rebel Leaders)
632	2	Return to the Mysterious Wizard (You've collected 200 vampire hearts. Return to the Mysterious Wizard to receive your reward. Continue collecting undead brains if you like it! Collect more vampire hearts for more rewards.)
632	-1	[completed]
633	1	Dark Mage Hunting (Mina asks you to do two things for her. Kill Dark Mages and hunt the undead. Do her this favor. Monster to Hunt -  Magus of Dark Arts: Bone Snatcher, Bone Maker, Bone Collector, Bone Animator, Bone Slayer, Bone Sweeper, Bone Grinder, Bone Caster, Bone Puppeteer, Bone Scavenger, Bone Shaper, Skull Collector, Skull Animator, Undead Monster: Trampled Men, Sacrificed Men, Behemoth Zombie, Requiem Lord, Requiem Priest, Requiem Behemoth)
633	2	Return to Mina (You've collected 200 ribs. Return to Mina to receive your reward. Continue collecting livers of undead if you like. After settling accounts for rib bones, you can start hunting Magus again.)
633	-1	[completed]
634	1	In Search of Fragments of Dimension (You must obtain a Dimensional Fragment if you intend to fight within the Dimensional Rift. Monsters to be hunted  - Necropolis, Catacombs: monsters whose name contains Lookout, Watcher, Guard, Monk, Overlord, Shaman, Consul, Inquisitor, Guardian, Elder, Court Guard and Preacher,  excluding Nephilim, Lilim, Gigant and Lilith.)
634	-1	[completed]
635	1	Defending the Dimensional Rift (Defeat the devils in the Gap of Dimension.)
635	-1	[completed]
636	1	Go to Flauron (The Temple of the Pagans is heavily guarded. You may be able to sneak in by disguising yourself as a live sacrifice for the Temple Go to Flauron and pretend to be lured into his trap.)
636	-1	[completed]
637	1	Hearts of the Necromancers (The Priest Flauron tells you to bring back 10 Necromancer Hearts from the Forest of the Dead.  Monsters to be hunted - Bone Animators, Bone Slayers, Skull Animators)
637	2	Return to Flauron (You've collected all the Necromancer Hearts the Priest Flauron asked for. Return to Flauron.)
637	-1	[completed]
638	1	Slay the Pagans (High Priest Innocentin is trying to prevent the pagans from capturing the Grail of Splendor. Innocentin will reward you if you defeat the monsters in the Temple of the Pagans and collect more than 2000 pagan totems.  Monsters to be hunted - All the monsters in the Temple of the Pagans)
638	-1	[completed]
639	1	Slay the Monk (Priest Dominic is trying to obtain something hidden in the Monastery of Silence. He will reward you if you can bring the Monk Scriptures to him. In addition, he asks you to help Greymore if you meet him in the Monastery. Monsters to be hunted - All the monsters in the Monastery of Silence)
639	2	Look Over the Grail (Greymore has snuck into the Monastery of Silence and is looking for the Grail of Splendor. He asks you to examine the Grail in the Room of Splendor.)
639	3	Return to Greymore (You have finished looking over the Grail in the Room of Splendor as Greymore asked. Return to Greymore.)
639	4	Collect the Monk Scriptures (Since you examined the Grail for him, Greymore will exchange 4000 Monk's Scriptures for an Enchant Weapon Scroll (S-Grade) and 400 Monk's Scriptures for an Enchant Armor Scroll (S-Grade ). Therefore, you can be rewarded by both Dominic and Greymore if you collect the Monk Scriptures. Monsters to be hunted - All the monsters in the Monastery of Silence)
639	-1	[completed]
640	1	Kill the Stakato! (Mercenary Kahman tells you to kill the Stakatos in the nest and to bring back their fangs as proof.  Monsters to be hunted - Spiked Stakato, Spiked Stakato Worker, Spiked Stakato Guard, Male Spiked Stakato, Female Spiked Stakato, Spiked Stakato Sorcerer, Cannibalistic Stakato Leader, Spiked Stakato Warrior, Spiked Stakato Drone, Spiked Stakato Captain, Spiked Stakato Nanny, Spiked Stakato Shaman)
640	-1	[completed]
641	1	Collect the Fragments of Gazkh (Shilen's statue says that one can get the Ghazk pieces when capturing the carnivorous Velociraptor and Pterosaur.  But you must get 30 pieces of Ghazk pieces!  Get all 30 Ghazk pieces and bring them to Shillien's statue.   Monsters to be hunted - Velociraptor, Pterosaur)
641	2	Return to Shilen's Stone Statue (All 30 of the Ghazk pieces collected. Go back to the Shillien's statue and offer the Ghazk pieces.)
641	-1	[completed]
642	1	Collect Dinosaur Tissue and Eggs (The appearance of the newly found island's powerful monster has caused research about its origin and appearance and interest from artisans regarding what can be made from its parts. Dinn says that he has been gathering dinosaur tissue for such research. Defeat the dinosaurs and the ancient eggs and bring back their tissue and the eggs to Dinn.  Monsters to Hunt - Pterosaur, Tyrannosaurus, Velociraptor, and Dinosaur Egg.)
642	2	Return to Dinn (You've collected the Dinosaur Tissue and Ancient Eggs as Dinn requested. Now return to Dinn in the Primeval Isle.)
642	-1	[completed]
643	1	Ingredients for Magical Research (Singsing from Pimeval Isle says that you can get a reward if you take dinosaur bones to a native Elroki magician of the Primeval Isle.  Monsters to Hunt - Deinonychus, Ornithomimus, Pachycephalosaurus, and Wild Strider.)
643	2	To the native Elroki magician (You've collected all the Plain Dinosaur Bones as Singsing from Primeval Isle requested. Now take these to the magicians.)
643	-1	[completed]
644	1	Defeat the Grave Robber (The number of vengeful spirits among the graves of the tribe of the betrayers is growing because of increased grave robber activity. Defeat the grave robbers and take back 120 stolen grave items.  Monsters to be hunted - Grave Robber Scouts, Grave Robber Lookouts, Grave Robber Rangers, Grave Robber Guards, Grave Robber Fighters)
644	2	Return to Karuda (You have taken back all 120 stolen grave items Karuda asked for. Return to Karuda.)
644	-1	[completed]
645	1	Defeat the Spiteful Soul (Karuda requests to make them enter Nirvana since the number of ghosts increased sharply and they can be flown to the Immortal Plateau if you leave it this way.    Monster to hunt - contaminated Morek Warrior, contaminated Batur Warrior and contaminated Batur Commander)
645	2	Go to Karuda (All burial items collected.  Hand them over to Karuda.)
645	-1	[completed]
646	1	Collect Cursed Dolls (The Beacon Tower Manager Torrant asks you to snatch 180 Cursed Dolls--the medium that controls the evil creatures--to weaken the fighting power of the Ragna Orcs, who are planning a revolt.  Monsters to be hunted - Ragna Orcs, Ragna Orc Shaman, Ragna Orc Archer, Ragna Orc Warrior, Ragna Orc Mystic, Ragna Orc Healer, Ragna Orc Hero, Ragna Orc Commander, Ragna Orc Sniper, Ragna Orc Sorcerer, Dark Corpse, Guardian of the Ghost Town, Varangka's Succubus)
646	2	Go to Torrant (You have snatched the Cursed Dolls Torrant asked for. Take them to him.)
646	-1	[completed]
647	1	Hunt the Horrifying Golem Army (Collector Gutenhagen has asked you to hunt Golems at the Pavel Ruins. Monsters to be hunted - Cruel Pincer Golem, Horrifying Jackhammer Golem, Scout-type Golem No. 28, Guard Golem, Micro Scout Golem, Great Chaos Golem, and Boom Golem.)
647	2	Return to Gutenhagen (You've collected enough fragments by hunting down the Golems in the Pavel Ruins. Return to Collector Gutenhagen in the Dwarven barracks.)
647	-1	[completed]
648	1	Rafforty's Request (Rafforty asks you to find a Silver Ice Crystal. They are guarded by creatures in the Frozen Labyrinth.  Monsters to be hunted - Massive Maze Bandersnatch, Lost Watcher, Elder Lost Watcher, Panthera, Lost Gargoyle, Lost Gargoyle Youngling, Pronghorn, Pronghorn Spirit, Ice Tarantula, Frost Tarantula, Frost Steel Golem, Frost Buffalo, Lost Buffalo, Ursus, Lost Yeti, Frost Yeti)
648	2	Save the Silver Hemocytes (Rafforty thanks you and tells you to save any Silver Hemocytes you may acquire for future needs. He also says that if you return with a Black Ice Crystal, he will give you a reward as a small token of appreciation for all your help.  You can make a Black Ice Crystal from the Ice Shelf.  Monsters to be hunted - Massive Maze Bandersnatch, Lost Watcher, Elder Lost Watcher, Panthera, Lost Gargoyle, Lost Gargoyle Youngling, Pronghorn, Pronghorn Spirit, Ice Tarantula, Frost Tarantula, Frost Steel Golem, Frost Buffalo, Lost Buffalo, Ursus, Lost Yeti, Frost Yeti)
648	-1	[completed]
649	1	Sweeping Bandit (Railroad Worker Obi asked you to defeat the Rayito bandits and bring back 200 stolen items. Monsters to be hunted - Bandit Sweeper, Bandit Hound, Bandit Watchman, Bandit Undertaker, Bandit Assassin, Bandit Warrior, Bandit Inspector, Bandit Captain)
649	2	Return to Obi (You've collected 200 items stolen by the Rayito bandits. Return to Railroad Worker Obi.)
649	-1	[completed]
650	1	The Remnants of Dreams (The Dwarves who became ghosts and whose dreams were thwarted now wander the Sky Wagon Relic. Pay them your respects. Monsters to be hunted - Forgotten Crewman, Vagabonds of the Ruins)
650	-1	[completed]
651	1	Did the Runaway Return Home? (You have encountered Ivan, a disturbed youth who ran away from the Fishermen's Guild. You gave him a Scroll of Escape because he regretted what he'd done and wanted to return home. Go and meet with Ivan's father, Batidae, the Fishing Guild Member of the Town of Schuttgart to make sure Ivan is learning his craft well (and that he won't go on anymore adventures.))
651	-1	[completed]
652	1	Did the Old Adventurer Return Home? (During the adventure, you come across a former adventurer, all soulshots are run out at a dangerous hunting ground... and spare the soulshots to the old man with limited mobility. Go find out if the old man went back home safely by meeting his daughter-in-law Sarah at the grocery store in the town of Oren...)
652	-1	[completed]
653	1	Did Suki Return Home Safely? (During the adventure, you come across a woman who got lost after following a wandering adventurer and help her.  Let's go find if she went back home safely by meeting her father.)
653	-1	[completed]
654	1	The Spirit's Story (The Nameless Spirit informs you that only through the use of a magic scroll can the force field be dispersed.  He then informs you that is was created by his "double." Keep listening to the story.)
654	2	Skin of the Antelope (The Nameless Spirit says he needs a special parchment to create the scroll that will release the magic force field. Go to the Wall of Argos and defeat the Canyon Antelope to bring back its skin. Monsters to be hunted - Canyon Antelope, Canyon Antelope Slave)
654	3	Return to the Nameless Spirit (You now have the Skin of the Antelope the Nameless Spirit asked for. Return to the Spirit.)
654	-1	[completed]
655	1	Collect the Crystals of Purity (As a proof that you can train wild animals well, collect 10 pieces of the Crystal of Purity.   One thing, when succeeding in the training, you must be near the place to get the Crystal of Purity.  Anyone who belongs to the same clan can do the training.)
655	2	Obtain the Trainer Certification (10 Crystals of Purity that the Messenger required have all been collected.   Show them to the Messenger.)
655	3	Register for the Preliminary Contest (Training certification acquired.  Apply for the preliminary match through the Messenger.)
655	-1	[completed]
659	1	Collecting Fairy Breath (The High Summoner Galatea thinks that one of the reasons the southern area of Gludio is in ruin is because the balance of fairy energy has been disrupted. She is researching possible causes. Help her efforts by defeating the mad wind fairies on Windy Hill and collecting the last sighs of the fairies. Monsters to be hunted - Sobbing Wind, Babbling Wind, Giggling Wind, Singing Wind, Whispering Wind)
659	-1	[completed]
660	1	The Woes of Floran Village (Floran Village needs help in their fight against their oppressive lord. Meet with Captain Alex in Floran Village.)
660	2	Eliminate the Monsters in Floran Clearing (The Floran Village farmers cannot depend on the Territorial Army to protect them anymore. Defeat the monsters in the Floran Clearing and take evidence of your success to Captain Alex. Monsters to be hunted - Watchman of the Plains, Cursed Seer, Roughly Hewn Rock Golem, Delu Lizardmen Supplier, Delu Lizardmen Special Agent, Delu Lizardmen Commander, Shaman of the Delu Lizardmen)
660	-1	[completed]
661	1	Make the Grounds Safe (The lord of Gludio Territory is trying to revive his war-torn lands.  Fellmere Harvesting Grounds provide vital building supplies for that effort, but the area's monsters are preventing the masons from building a needed plantation there.  The lord wants to solve this problem with the help of a brave adventurer. Monsters to be hunted - Giant Poison Bee, Cloudy Beast, Young Araneid)
661	-1	[completed]
662	1	Collect Red Gemstones (Warehouse Chief Klump of The Town of Aden spends most of his time playing cards. The word is that anyone who can beat him will win a generous prize... To enter the game, you must first collect more than 50 Red Gems.   Monsters to Hunt:  Fields of Massacre: Doom Scout, Dismal Pole, Doom Servant, Doom Archer, Doom Warrior  Seal of Shilen: Blood Queen, Trives, Palibati, Doom Knight  Ancient Battleground: Ghostly Warrior, Bloody Priest, Bloody Knight, Dark Guard, Death Agent  Silent Valley: Black Shadow, Chimera Piece, Forgotten Face, Forgotten Ancient People, Shaman of Ancient Times  Garden of Wild Beasts: Antelope, Buffalo  Valley of Saints: Eye of Splendor, Wisdom of Splendor, Victory of Splendor, Signet of Splendor  Swamp of Screams: Splinter Stakato, Splinter Stakato Soldier, Needle Stakato, Needle Stakato Soldier)
662	-1	[completed]
663	1	Collect Spirit Beads (Wilbert is willing to play the trendy new game with you, but he tells you that you need Spirit Beads in order to play. Spirit Beads can be obtained the Ancient Battleground and the Fields of Massacre.   Monsters to Hunt: Past Knight, Ghost War, Hungered Corpse, Dark Guard, Death Agent, Nihil Invader, Bloody Lord, Bloody Priest, Bloody Knight, Bloody Ghost, Doom Scout, Doom Servant, Doom Guard, Doom Archer, Doom Trooper, Doom Warrior, Doom Knight, Archer of Destruction, Spiteful Soul Leader, Spiteful Soul Wizard, Spiteful Soul Fighter.)
663	-1	[completed]
665	1	Great Pirate Zaken's Treasure (You've found a map that shows the location of the treasures that Great Pirate Zaken hid. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
665	-1	[completed]
666	1	Leona Blackbird's Treasure (You've found a map that shows the location of the treasures that were meant for Liona Blackbird but were never delivered. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
666	-1	[completed]
667	1	Queen Beora's Legacy (You've found a map that shows the location of the treasures known as Beora's legacy. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
667	-1	[completed]
668	1	The Gladiator's Treasure (You've found a map that shows the location of the treasures hidden by an unknown gladiator who unfortunately died before being able to take the treasures back to his family. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
668	-1	[completed]
669	1	High Priest's Treasure (You've found a map that shows the location of the treasures that were meant for High Priest Raymond, but were lost because of a raid. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
669	-1	[completed]
670	1	Turek Orc's Treasure (You've found a map that shows the location of the forgotten treasures of the Turek Orcs. Go to the region and get the treasure.)
670	-1	[completed]
688	1	Collect Necklaces (Trader Dinn of the Primeval Isle Wharf is anxious because Elrokian raiders are stealing items from the merchants. He promises to give you a reward if you capture the raiders and bring back their necklaces as proof.  Monster to Hunt: Elroki)
688	2	Return to Dinn (You've defeated the Elrokian Raiders and collected the Dinosaur Fang Necklaces as proof. Now return to Dinn in the Primeval Isle and report.)
688	-1	[completed]
690	1	Jude's Request (Jude, who is around the oasis, collects the weapons of monsters in the Anomic Foundry. Only some of the monsters in the Anomic Foundry have what he wants, and he will only reward you for the Evil Weapons. Monsters to Hunt - Lesser Evils, Greater Evils)
690	-1	[completed]
691	1	To the Steel Citadel (Matras says that he is going to pass Base Tower in order to go to Tower of Steel Citadel, and he asks you to eliminate the guards there and draw their attention to you. More specifically, he says that he will give you something nice if you kill them and collect 744 Red Stones.)
691	-1	[completed]
692	1	Proof of Power (Dilios, the Aide of Keucereus of the Keucereus Alliance Base, has an important task. This task can only be assigned to those who have learned to fly an Aurabird from Engineer Lekon. We should go see Engineer Lekon and acquire a certificate that proves we have learned how to fly a Aurabird.)
692	2	Meet Kirklan (Dilios of the Keucereus Alliance Base has suggested that you should go see Kirklan, the Special Products Broker, inside the base if you want more information on a weakness to oppose this evil power. We should go see him to obtain this information.)
692	3	How does one oppose it? (Kirklan, the Special Products Broker at the Keucereus Alliance Base has indicated that specific materials will need to be gathered in order to receive the items necessary in order to assault the evil threat. We can gather these items from hunting monsters from the Seed of Infinity and Seed of Destruction and then bring them back to Kirklan.  Monsters to be hunted -  Seed of Infinity: All monsters appeared in the Seed of Infinity  Seed of Destruction: All monsters appeared in the Seed of Destruction  Targets to gather -  Seed Energy - Fire, Seed Energy - Water, Seed Energy - Wind - Earth, Seed Energy - Divinity, and Seed Energy - Darkness)
692	-1	[completed]
693	1	Defeat the remnants. (Officer Edric, the Remnant Manager of the Seed of Destruction, has a challenge to eliminate remaining Dragonkin remnants. You and your team will enter the Seed of Destruction where Officer Edric will block the entrance. The challenge is for your team to eliminate all the Dragonkin and escape through the blocked passage within a small amount of time. Monsters to be hunted - Defeated Troops Commander, Defeated Troops No 1 Battalion Commander, Defeated Troops White Dragon Leader, Defeated Troops Infantry, Defeated Troops Magic Leader, Defeated Troops Magician, Defeated Troops Magic Soldier, Defeated Troops Healer, and Defeated Troops Javelin Thrower)
693	-1	[completed]
694	1	Defeat twin death knights (Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity has a mission to break through the Hall of Suffering. You will need to go through 5 rooms followed by defeating Yehan Klodekus and Yehan Klaniku, the  twin death knights, that guard the final room.  Monsters to be hunted - Yehan Klodekus and Yehan Klanikus)
694	-1	[completed]
695	1	Defending the Hall of Suffering (Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity has given you a mission to defend the Hall of Suffering. Prevent destroyed tumors from being revived and then kill the twin death knights. Monsters to be hunted - Yehan Klodekus and Yehan Klanikus)
695	-1	[completed]
696	1	Defeating Cohemenes (Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity has a mission to break through the Hall of Erosion. Destroy all tumors of death and Cohemenes who guards the Hall of Erosion within the time limit.)
696	-1	[completed]
697	1	Defending the Hall of Erosion (Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity has a mission to defend the Hall of Erosion. You have to keep the Sprout of Life from being destroyed before time runs out.)
697	-1	[completed]
698	1	Blocking Resurrection (Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity has a mission to stop Ekimus, the Lord of the Seed of Infinity, from being resurrected. Stop the Soul Devourer from reaching the center of the  Heart of Death.)
698	-1	[completed]
699	1	Guardian of the Skies (Engineer Lekon of the Keucereus' Alliance Base asked if you would assist him with a serious mission, now that you have an Aurabird skill. Collect Vulture's Gold Feathers by hunting Master Rider Valdstone, Vulture Riders, and Elite Vulture Riders around the skies of the Keucereus' Alliance Base, and bring them to Lekon. Monsters to be hunted - Master Rider Valdstone and Elite Rider Vulture Riders)
699	-1	[completed]
700	1	Liberate the Curse Life. (Soldier Orbyu, the Wharf Managing Soldier of the Keucereus Alliance Base, asks to recover the lost freedom of Cursed Lives by destroying Rok, which appears over the skies of Seed of Infinity, and his subordinate monsters. Let's hunt them and bring deadman's remains which they swallowed as an evidence. Monsters to be hunted - Rok, Mutant Bird, and Dra Hawks)
700	-1	[completed]
701	1	Elimination of Monsters (War Mage Artius of the Keucereus Alliance Base explains that the cause of the soldiers' weakened morale is a monster called Banshee Queen Enira. Let's hunt the monsters and prove that it is not something that soldiers should be scared of. Let's bring the Banshee Queen's Eye and Deadman's remains as an evidence of a successful hunting. Monsters to be hunted - Banshee Queen Enira, Floating Skull, and Floating Zombie)
701	-1	[completed]
702	1	Preparation for Proving (Soldier Plenos of the Keucereus Alliance Base suggests a mission which can prove one's strength. The mission is to hunt Dius, the Deadman of Destruction, and his subordinate Drakes over the skies of Seed of Destruction. He says one should go and see Soldier Tenis, the injured soldier who's in the center of Keucereus Alliance Base, and ask for advice.)
702	2	Materials for Preparation (Soldier Tenis, who got injured when he went out to hunt Dius, says that one cannot see Dius, the Deadman of Destruction, with an ordinary method. He says that one has to use the trap which he developed in order to lure Dius, the Deadman of Destruction. Thus he asks to bring 100 pieces of Drake's Flesh to be used as materials by capturing his subordinate Drak, which appears over the skies of Seed of Destruction. Monsters to be hunted - Drak, Drake Wing, and Mutated Drake Wing)
702	-1	[completed]
708	1	What one does to become a Lord (Saius says you must be recognized by local forces in a territory in order to become a Lord. You should meet those who are in power in order to be recognized. Saius will tell you the detailed information a little later. Let's wait.)
708	2	Find a representative. (Sayres says it will be enough if one can get a support from Blacksmith Pinter of the Grey Column guild, who's in charge of restoring Gludio territory. Saius asks you to appoint someone who can proceed with the work on behalf of you.)
708	3	Waiting (A representative who can proceed the work on behalf of you has been appointed. Let's wait for him to take good care of the matter.)
708	4	Supplies for restoration (Pinter asks to provide him with supplies needed for territory restoration works, and asks to check if there's any problem in transporting supplies. Let's discuss with Saius about things we should do next.)
708	5	Looking for whereabouts of goods (Sayres says it is necessary to check the whereabouts of goods as it is one of the tasks requested by Pinter. He says a Lord would be better to do this by himself. Let's go to see Captain Bathis and find the whereabouts of the goods!)
708	6	Existence of Headless Knight (Bathis suspects that Headless Knight and the disappeared goods may be related as he's making mention of the existence of Headless Knight. Let's induce Headless Knight to appear by killing the skulls in the ruins. Monsters to be hunted -- Skull Chasseur, Skull Chasseur Captain, Skull Scout, Skull Shooter, Ruin Spartoi, Spartoi Berserker, Skull Shield Soldier, and Skull Infantry)
708	7	Safety of Territory (It looks like the Headless Knight has gotten rid of the freight.  But, the territory has become safe as the Headless Knight has vanished.  Let's inform Bathis of this fact.)
708	8	To Gludio Castle (The big problem has been resolved. Let's go back to the castle and resolve the matter of delivering supplies requested by Pinter.)
708	9	To Gludio Castle (All problems have been resolved. Let's tell Saius to take care of the rest.)
708	-1	[completed]
709	1	What one does to become a Lord (Chamberlain Crosby says you must be recognized by the local forces in the territory in order to become a Lord. You should meet those who are in power in order to be recognized. Chamberlain Crosby will give you more detailed information a little later. Let's wait.)
709	2	Find a representative. (Crosby says that Luke has a problem. Luke trying hard to help the territory prosper through trading special products. Let's appoint a representative and send him to Luke. Please send your representative to Crosby.)
709	3	Waiting (A representative who can work on your behalf has been appointed. Let's wait for them to take care of the matter.)
709	4	Grasp the cause of the problem (Spellbook Seller Luke asks us to bring 100 Mandragora roots. And he asks us to resolve the problem of the resistance forces hideout for the sake of the merchants. Let's go discuss the matter.)
709	5	Resistance's development (Crosby says it is necessary to check out the resistance force's hideout as Luke requested. He says a Lord had better to do this by himself. Let's go to see Mercenary Captain Sophya and get some information about the resistance.)
709	6	Bloody Axe Aide (Sophya says a new aide has been appointed to the Bloody Axe troops, which are the part of resistance forces. If we kill Oel Mahums at the resistance's hideout, the aide will show up because he thinks dearly of his men. Monsters to be hunted - Oel Mahum Reinforcement, Oel Mahum Shooter, Oel Mahum Guerilla, Oel Mahum Charger Squad, Oel Mahum Sniper, Oel Mahum Commander, Oel Mahum Captain, Oel Mahum Lord, Bloody Axe Aide)
709	7	Resistance destroyed! (The Bloody Axe Aide has been removed. The resistance armies are without their leader and have lost their power again. Let's inform Sophya.)
709	8	To Dion Castle (The big problem has been resolved. Let's go back to the castle while sending a representative to deliver the Mandragora roots as requested by Luke.)
709	9	To Dion Castle (All problems have been resolved. Let's tell Crosby to take care of the rest.)
709	-1	[completed]
710	1	What one does to become a Lord (Saul says you must be recognized by local forces in a territory in order to become a Lord. You should meet those who are in power in order to be recognized. Saul will give you more information a little later. Let's wait.)
710	2	In order to get support (The most influential person in the Giran territory is Warehouse Chief Gesto who is at the center of logistics. Let's go to see Gesto.)
710	3	To Giran Harbor (Gesto says a ship departed from Gludin has not arrived at Giran Harbor yet. Gesto says he will give his support if you find a cause and resolve the matter. Let's go find a clue. First of all, let's go to see Felton, the Wharf Manager, at the Giran Harbor.)
710	4	Searching Devil's Isle (Felton asks to search nearby a reef at the Devil's Isle since the ship could have run on the reef.)
710	5	Discovery of a suspicious freight box (Something looks as a freight box is discovered. We should take the seal off from the outside and send it to Gesto.)
710	6	Looking for evidence (Your messenger met with Gesto.  Gesto claims the freight is his, but we still need to investigate if this was done by the pirates of Devil's Isle. Let's inspect the freight box again.)
710	7	Sweeping the Pirates (Some marks on the box and rotting flesh stuck in gaps have been found. After all, it must be what pirates at the Devil's Isle have done. Let's sweep the pirates and find over 300 freight boxes of Gesto.  Monsters to be hunted - Monsters of the Devil's Isle)
710	8	Status Report (We were able to sweep pirates somewhat and retrieve freight boxes requested by Gesto. Let's gather these and bring them to Gesto.)
710	9	To Saul (We gained Gesto's trust. Let's return to Saul.)
710	-1	[completed]
711	1	What one does to become a Lord (Neurath says you must be recognized by local forces in a territory in order to become a Lord. Neurath will tell you detail information a little later. Let's wait.)
711	2	Choose your clan's representative (Neurath asks to bring a representative to go to see Iason Heine in Innadril territory to resolve a problem regarding Iason Heine's family. Let's appoint a representative and go see Neurath.)
711	3	Waiting a moment (A representative has been appointed. Let's wait to hear the news from him.)
711	4	Request from Heine (Iason Heine has imposed conditions. Let's hear the details from Neurath.)
711	5	Alligator Control (Iason Heine has asked for 10 people who can look for lost freights. Send a representative and people who can help the representative, and let's go to defeat alligators in the Isle of Alligators. They say that the risk at the Isle of Alligator will be reduced if about 100 alligators are hunted.  Monsters to be hunted - Crokian Lad, Dailaon Lad, Crokian Lad Warrior, Parhit Lad, Nos Lad, Crokian Warrior, Parhit, Swamp Chief, Swamp Alligator, Swamp Warrior)
711	6	Alligator Island Conquered (Alligators have been defeated. Let's go see Neurath.)
711	7	Find a merchant's barrel (The job to find a merchant's barrel requested by Heine has yet to be finished. Let's wait for a moment until a merchant's barrel has been found.)
711	-1	[completed]
712	1	What one does to become a Lord (Brasseur says you must be recognized by local forces in a territory in order to become a Lord. You should meet those who are in power in order to get recognized. Brasseur will provide you detailed information a little later. Let's wait.)
712	2	Let's meet Croop. (The one person who has the greatest power in Oren territory is Croop, the Warehouse Chief, who's in charge of logistics. Let's go and see him.)
712	3	Request from Croop (Croop says he has not heard from Nebulite Orb who was sent to Ivory Tower. Croop asks us to check if Nebulite Orb has arrived safely by sending one of clan members to Freighter Marty, the Warehouse Keeper, who's at the 1st floor of Ivory Tower.)
712	4	Orb's whereabouts? (Marty said he never received it. We don't know the details, but I'm sure we can find out the problem which happened recently if we send one of our clan members to see Grand Magister Valleria.)
712	5	Appearance of Oel Mahum (I heard it was recently invaded by Oel Mahums who came down from the bandit mountain stronghold. I think the orbs must have been stolen by those Oel Mahums. Let's inform Croop about this and try to figure out a solution.)
712	6	Sweeping the Oel Mahums (Croop asked us to retrieve the Nebulite Orbs which were stolen by Oel Mahums. Let's kill the Oel Mahums and retrieve the Nebulite Orbs from them.  Monsters to be hunted - Oel Mahum, Oel Mahum Warrior, Oel Mahum Shaman, and Oel Mahum Transcender)
712	7	Retrieved Freights (All the Nebulite Orbs that Croop lost have been retrieved. Let's bring them to Croop.)
712	8	Gained trust (I gained Croop's trust. Let's go to see Brasseur and inaugurate as a Lord.)
712	-1	[completed]
713	1	What one does to become a Lord (Logan says you must be recognized by High Priest Orven in order to become a Lord. Let's go to see Orven.)
713	2	Demonstrate pride (Orven says you must demonstrate pride for Aden territory in order to become a Lord of Aden. Let's defeat Taik Orcs in the National Cemetery to display pride. Five clan members must carry on the quest for Sleepless Deadman at the destroyed castle.  Monsters to be hunted - Taik Orc Supply Leader and Taik Orc Seeker)
713	3	To Orven (It seems like the problem related to Taik Orcs has been resolved somewhat. Let's return to Orven.)
713	4	Let's defeat the Taik Orcs. (It looks like the 5 clan members who were going to help Orven have completed their job. Let's hurry and finish the National Cemetery matter.  Monsters to be hunted - Taik Orc Supply Officer and Taik Orc Guard)
713	5	To Orven (It seems the problem related to Taik Orcs has been resolved somewhat. Let's return to Orven.)
713	6	To Orven (It looks like the 5 clan members who were going to help Orven have completed their job. Let's return to Orven quickly.)
713	7	To Logan (I gained Orven's trust. Let's return to Logan.)
713	-1	[completed]
714	1	What one does to become a Lord (Chamberlain August says you must be recognized by local forces in a territory in order to become a Lord. You should meet those who are in power in order to be recognized. August will provide you detailed information a little later. Let's wait.)
714	2	Let's meet Newyear. (Chamberlain August said you must maintain a good relationship with dwarves. Newyear, the Head Blacksmith, is the most influential dwarf in Schuttgart, so let's go to see him.)
714	3	Pavel Ruins (Head Blacksmith Newyear has asked us to help them. First, let's take care of the Giant Pavel Ruins problem for Newyear.)
714	4	To the Iron Gate Guild (Head Blacksmith Newyear shows his appreciation for defending the last Pevel's relic. Now we have gained Newyear's support. Let's go to see Yasheni in order gain support from the Iron Gate Guild.)
714	5	Defeating Golem (Yasheni says the problem of Pavel Ruins has been resolved, but asks us to defeat remaining Golems. Let's defeat the Golems at the relics of the ancient research center.  Monsters to be hunted - Golems at the relics of the ancient research center - Guard Golem, Micro Reconnoiter Golem, Great Chaos Golem, Boom Golem)
714	6	Golems defeated (The Golems have been defeated to some extent. Let's inform to Yasheni.)
714	7	To August (We gained the support from Yasheni. Let's return to August now.)
714	-1	[completed]
715	1	Is it Orc or Silenos? (Alfred says it is necessary to reduce the power of Varka Silenos and Ketra Orc before you become a Lord of Goddard. Let's choose one and try to reduce their power.)
715	2	Sleeping with the enemy (Let's use the power of Varka Silenos in order to reduce the power of Ketra Orc. Let's figure out how to reduce the power of Ketra Orc by having a trustworthy follower approach Varka's messenger, Naran Ashanuk.)
715	3	Sleeping with the enemy (Let's use the power of Ketra Orc in order to reduce the power of Varka Silenos. Let's figure out how to reduce the power of Varka Silenos by having a trustworthy follower approach Ketra's messenger, Wahkan.)
715	4	Return to Alfred (The Soul of Fire Nastron has been defeated. Let's return to Chamberlain Alfred.)
715	5	Return to Alfred (The Soul of Water Ashutar has been defeated. Let's return to Chamberlain Alfred.)
715	6	Balance of Power (The Soul of Fire Nastron has been defeated. Once the power of Ketra Orc becomes weak, Varka Silenos will begin to attack. Should this occur we will be unable to continue and need to reduce the power of Varka Silenos. Let's figure out how to reduce the power of Ketra Orc while sending a clan member to the Ketra Orc side and have that clan member to gain Wahkan's trust.)
715	7	Balance of Power (The Soul of Water Ashutar has been defeated. Once the power of Varka Silenos becomes weak, Ketra Orc will begin to attack. Should this occur we will be unable to continue and need to reduce the power of Ketra Orc soon. Let's figure out how to reduce the power of Ketra Orc while sending a clan member to the Varka Silenos side and have that clan member to gain Naran Ashanuk's trust.)
715	8	Return to Alfred (The Soul of Fire Nastron has been defeated. Let's return to Chamberlain Alfred.)
715	9	Return to Alfred (The Soul of Water Ashutar has been defeated. Let's return to Chamberlain Alfred.)
715	-1	[completed]
716	1	Forest of the Dead (Chamberlain Frederick says that we must be familiar with the territory in order to rule it. Let's carefully review incidents with unknown causes that have happened in the Forest of the Dead.  (You must complete the quests "Hidden Truth" and "Hiding Behind the Truth." ))
716	2	High Priest Agripel (I became too aware of Pagan influence as I was looking into the incidents that occurred in the Forest of the Dead. You need to get support from the Pagans in order to become a Lord. Let's go to see Agripel and get the support from the Pagans.)
716	3	Breakdown of negotiations (Agripel asked us to donate a large sum of money if we want to get their support. We cannot support their methods. Let's talk to Chamberlain Frederick come up with alternatives.)
716	4	Let's assign a confidant. (Chamberlain Frederick has a great idea and has asked us to recommend a person who can be a confidant. Let's choose a person and go see Frederick.)
716	5	Waiting (A representative has been appointed to proceed on behalf of you. We must wait for your representative to speak with Innocentin before continuing.)
716	6	Meeting for revenge (Frederick met with Innocentin. Let's go see Frederick and see what to do next.)
716	7	Renegotiation (Frederick asked us to renegotiate with Agripel. He says Agripel will not agree immediately, but will eventually agree if those who were sent to Innocentin handle the situation correctly.)
716	8	Negotiation completed (Negotiation with Agripel is complete. We should go see Frederick and finish this matter.)
716	-1	[completed]
717	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
717	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
717	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
717	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
717	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
717	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
717	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
717	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
717	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
717	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
717	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
717	-1	[completed]
718	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
718	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
718	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
718	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
718	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
718	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
718	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
718	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
718	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
718	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
718	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
718	-1	[completed]
719	1	For the Territory (The Territory War has begun! You must stop your enemies from invading your territory, and help steal the Territory Wards of other territories. You should also destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. Be sure to kill the associated leaders of those territories as well.   Goal - Territory Catapult, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
719	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
719	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
719	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
719	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
719	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
719	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
719	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
719	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
719	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
719	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
719	-1	[completed]
720	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
720	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
720	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
720	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
720	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
720	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
720	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
720	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
720	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
720	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
720	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
720	-1	[completed]
721	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
721	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
721	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
721	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
721	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
721	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
721	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
721	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
721	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
721	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
721	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
721	-1	[completed]
722	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
722	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
722	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
722	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
722	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
722	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
722	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
722	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
722	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
722	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
722	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
722	-1	[completed]
723	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
723	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
723	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
723	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
723	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
723	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
723	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
723	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
723	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
723	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
723	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
723	-1	[completed]
724	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop enemies invading for revival of the territory, and help stealing flags of other territories. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe. And kill association leaders of enemy territories.     Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
724	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!  Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
724	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill the Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
724	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
724	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Now kill the Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
724	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
724	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing the Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
724	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
724	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
724	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
724	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
724	-1	[completed]
725	1	For the Territory (A territory battle has begun. One has to stop invading enemies in order to revive the territory, and help by stealing flags of other territories. We need to destroy the Territory Catapult, Supplies Safe, and kill the association leaders of the enemy territories.  Goal - Territory Catapult of other territory, Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
725	2	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. There are still many things to do. Either destroy the Supplies Safe or kill Association Leaders!   Goal - Supplies Safe, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
725	3	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Either destroy the Territory Catapult or kill the Association Leaders!  Goal - Territory Catapult, Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
725	4	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Destroy either the Territory Catapult or Supplies Safe in order to lessen the enemy's attack!  Goal - Territory Catapult and Supplies Safe)
725	5	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's eliminate the Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
725	6	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's go inside of the castle and destroy the Supplies Safe.  Goal - Supplies Safe)
725	7	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's weaken the enemy's power by killing the Association Leaders!  Goal - Military Association Leader, Religious Association Leader, and Economic Association Leader)
725	8	Association Leaders Eliminated (The Association Leaders have been eliminated. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
725	9	Territory Catapult Destroyed (The Territory Catapult has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Supplies Safe inside of the castle!  Goal - Supplies Safe)
725	10	Supplies Safe Destroyed (The Supplies Safe has been destroyed. Let's destroy the Territory Catapult inside of the fortress!  Goal - Territory Catapult)
725	11	For the victory of territory (You have performed admirably in this territory battle. Keep up the good work!)
725	-1	[completed]
726	1	Investigators Rescue Mission (We must rescue all 4 investigators from the Rim Pailaka at Rune Castle.  We look forward to seeing you in action.)
726	-1	[completed]
727	1	Investigators Rescue Mission (We must rescue all 4 investigators from the Rim Pailaka at Rune Castle.  We look forward to seeing you in action.)
727	-1	[completed]
729	1	Protect the Territory Catapult. (A territory battle has begun. Protect the territory catapult.)
729	-1	[completed]
730	1	Protect the Supplies Safe. (The Supplies Safe is being attacked. Protect the Supplies Safe.)
730	-1	[completed]
731	1	Protect the Military Association Leader. (The Military Association Leader is being attacked. Protect the Military Association Leader.)
731	-1	[completed]
732	1	Protect the Religious Association Leader. (The Religious Association Leader is being attacked. Protect the Religious Association Leader.)
732	-1	[completed]
733	1	Protect the Economic Association Leader. (The Economic Association Leader is being attacked. Protect the Economic Association Leader.)
733	-1	[completed]
734	1	Kill the enemy's knights! (Knights are the Shield of the Battlefield.  Kill the enemy's knights while in a territory battle. Targets to attack - Knight Classes level 61 and above.)
734	-1	[completed]
735	1	Stop the enemy's attack (Kill those who are in charge of the  enemy's attack while in a territory battle.  Targets to attack - Warrior and Rogue classes level 61 and above.)
735	-1	[completed]
736	1	Stop the enemy's use of magic (Kill those who are in charge of the enemy's use of magic while in a territory battle.  Targets to attack - Wizard and Summoner classes level 61 and above.)
736	-1	[completed]
737	1	Lower the enemy's morale (Kill priests and wizards who aide and lift the enemy's morale while in a territory battle.  Targets to attack - Wizard and Priests classes level 61 and above.)
737	-1	[completed]
738	1	Destroy Key Targets (Kill members of production and curse type class whose role in territory battle is key to victory.  Targets to attack - Above level 61 production and curse type class series.)
738	-1	[completed]
750	1	Obtain the Seeds (Defeat the Mandragoras and obtain the Mysterious Seeds. Monsters to hunt - Mandragora of Joy and Sorrow, Mandragora of Prayer)
750	2	Plant the Seeds (You have defeated the Mandragoras and obtained the Mysterious Seeds. Use them in the region where the Mandragoras have been planted, and bring them to bloom. Collect the flowers. It is best to collect as many types of flowers as possible, which will require help from your friends.)
750	3	In Order to Pay Respects (You have obtained a flower. Go on to collect flowers brought to blooms by your friends and increase your stock of flower types. You can obtain rewards for 4 or more types of flowers, and your rewards will improve in quality as you get closer to collecting 7 types.)
750	-1	[completed]
751	1	Eliminate the Undead (Warden Roderik of Guillotine Fortress has asked you to eliminate the spirits haunting the Guillotine Fortress to liberate them from Shilen's influence. Monsters to Hunt - Sadiac, Nagdu, Haskal, Gazem, Rosenia's Divine Spirit, Kelbara, Pafuron, Krutati, Alluring Irene, Isaad)
751	2	Return to Roderik (You have collected them all. Return to Roderik.  You may also report to the Warden Assistant of Guillotine Fortress.)
751	-1	[completed]
752	1	Collect the Research Material (Hesed of the Black Anvil Guild has asked you to collect Traces of a Brand and Traces of an Enigmatic Brand in order to continue the research needed to resolve the current crisis.  Monsters to hunt: Yin Spicula, Elite Spicula Soldier, Spicula's Elite Member, Spicula 3, Spicula 4, Spicula 5, Spicula 6, Twosword Golem, Screw Golem, Light Golem, Broken-bodied Golem)
752	2	Quest Complete (You have collected the Yin's Trace and Yin's Enigmatic Trace as requested by Hesed of the Black Anvil Guild. Return to Hesed at the Isle of Souls Harbor.)
752	-1	[completed]
753	1	The Importance of Mother Nornil (Concerned about the continued activation of Mother Nornil's protection system, which is very important to the Kamael, Verna is gathering information. Use Verna's vaccine to eliminate the Golem Generator and collect the Red Gate Keys from the Spiculas. Monsters to hunt: Golem Generator, Patrol Chief, Patrol Warrior, Patrol Archer, Spicula Captain, Spicula Warrior, Spicula Archer)
753	2	Quest Complete (You have done everything Verna had requested. Return to Stronghold III.)
753	-1	[completed]
754	1	Eliminate Kundas (Eliminate the Kundas on the 2nd floor of the Seed of Hellfire. Monsters to Hunt - Kunda Guardian, Kunda Berserker, Kunda Executor)
754	2	To Sizrak (Return to either the Communications Aide or Sizrak in the Seed of Hellfire to report the results.)
754	-1	[completed]
755	1	Collecting Petras (Eliminate the Zofans in the Seed of Hellfire and collect Petras. Monsters to hunt - Beggar Zofan, Zofan, Young Zofan, and Engineer Zofan)
755	2	To Aku (Return to either Aku or Aku's Minion in the Seed of Hellfire to deliver the Petras you collected.)
755	-1	[completed]
756	1	To Aku (You defeated the low-level Zahak in the Seed of Hellfire and obtained top-grade Petra. Bring it to Aku in the Seed of Hellfire.)
756	-1	[completed]
757	1	Eliminate the Pagans (Razen, the Priestess of Light inside the Pagan Temple, says you must stop Triol from gaining more power. Help by eliminating the pagans inside the temple. Monsters to hunt - Resurrected Worker, Ritual Offering, Trio's Layperson, Triol's Priest, Triol's High Priest, Forgotten Victim, Resurrected Temple Knight, Old Aristocrat's Soldier, Temple Guard, Temple Guard Captain, Ritual Sacrifice)
757	2	Totem Collection Complete? (You have eliminated pagans inside the Pagan Temple and collected all the Pagan Totems. You may either return to Rune Township to report to Razen the Priestess of Light, or eliminate more pagans to obtain more Pagan Souls (you can only obtain up to a certain number of Pagan Souls).)
757	3	Totem Collection Complete! (You have eliminated pagans inside the Pagan Temple and collected all the Pagan Totems and Pagan Souls. You cannot obtain any more Pagan Souls. Return to Rune Township to report to Razen the Priestess of Light.)
757	-1	[completed]
758	1	Defeat Travis' Soldiers (The Aden Vanguard Quartermaster, stationed at the Cemetary and the Seal of Shilen, says his men are in trouble due to Shilen's resurrecting of Travis and his men.  Eliminate the ghost warriors in the Cemetary.  Monsters to hunt: Aden Raider, Chief Quartermaster,  Chief Magician, Personal Magician, Royal Guard, Royal Knight, Commander of Operations, Operations Chief of the 7th Division, Royal Quartermaster, Royal guard Captain, Escort, Operations Manager)
758	2	Collection Complete? (You have gathered all of the Marks of Travis from soldiers you defeated in the Cemetary. Either fight more soldiers to gather more Returner's Souls, or report back to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster at the border between the Seal of Shilen and the Cemetary. (You cannot exceed a certain amount of Returner's Souls.))
758	3	Collection Complete! (You have gathered all of the Marks of Travis and Returner's Souls from soldiers you defeated in the Cemetary. Report back to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster at the border between the Seal of Shilen and the Cemetary.)
758	-1	[completed]
759	1	Eliminate the Main Body (Daichir, the Head Priest of the Earth, has called for an alliance of 200 or less of the most elite adventurers to go on a raid against Earth Wyrm Trasken. The task is to eliminate Trasken's main body. Monsters to hunt: Earth Wyrm Trasken)
759	2	Return to Daichir (You have defeated Earth Wyrm Trasken. Return to Head Priest of the Earth Daichir.)
759	-1	[completed]
760	1	Subjugation of the Nightmare Kamaloka (Captain Kurtiz from the Town of Aden has asked you to defeat the monsters in Nightmare Kamaloka. Monsters to Hunt - Mino, Sola, Ariarc, Sirra, Dark Rider)
760	2	Return to Curtiz (You've defeated all the monsters in Nightmare Kamaloka. Now return to Captain Kurtiz in the Town of Aden and report.)
760	-1	[completed]
761	1	Eliminating the Stakatos (Pierce, the captain of the Golden Ram Army, says the Stakatos have been stirring ominously as of late.  Hunt down the Stakatos in the Swamp of Screams, and bring back Intact Stakato Shells and Intact Stakato Talons as proof.  Monsters to hunt: All Stakato monsters in the Swamp of Screams)
761	2	Collection Complete? (You have hunted the Stakatos in the Swamp of Screams and collected the Intact Stakato Shells. You can report back to  Mercenary Captain Pierce, or hunt more Stakatos to collect Intact Stakato Talons (Intact Stakato Talons cannot exceed a certain amount).)
761	3	Collection Complete! (You have hunted Stakatos in the Swamp of Screams and collected enough Intact Stakato Shells and Intact Stakato Talons. Report back to Mercenary Captain Pierce.)
761	-1	[completed]
762	1	Collecting the Research Material from the Undead (The mysterious wizard in the Forest of the Dead says unidentified creatures have been vying for the undead, which he needs as research material. Hunt down the undead in the forest and collect Monster Bones and Monster Blood for the wizard's research.  Monsters to hunt: All undead monsters in the Forest of the Dead)
762	2	Collection Complete? (You have collected enough Monster Bones in the Forest of the Dead. Either bring them back to the Mysterious Wizard, or hunt more undead to collect Monster Blood. (You cannot exceed a certain amount of Monster Blood).)
762	3	Collection Complete! (You have collected enough Monster Blood and Monster Bones. Bring them back to the Mysterious Wizard.)
762	-1	[completed]
763	1	What the Eye of Argos Wants (Giant's Minion Janitt is having a hard time collecting everything the Eye of Argos has demanded. Collect the Evil Eye of Darkness and Powerful Dark Malice from monsters at the Wall of Argos to help Janitt persuade the Eye.  Monsters to hunt: Canyon Antelope, Canyon Antelope Slave, Canyon Bandersnatch, Canyon Bandersnatch Slave, Valley Buffalo Slave, Valley Grendel Slave, Sly Hound Dog, Eye of Guide, Gaze of Nightmares, Eye of Watchman, Eye of Pilgrim, Eye of Restrainer, Homunculus, Elder Homunculus)
763	2	Collection Complete? (You have hunted monsters at the Wall of Argos and collected the Evil Eye of Darkness. Report back to Janitt, or hunt more monsters to collect Powerful Dark Malice (Powerful Dark Malice cannot exceed a certain amount).)
763	3	Collection Complete! (You have hunted monsters at the Wall of Argos and collected enough Evil Eye of Darkness and Powerful Dark Malice. Report back to Janitt.)
763	-1	[completed]
764	1	Eliminating the Varka Silenos (Hansen, the undercover Giant's minion at Varka Silenos Barracks, says the Varka Silenos and the Embryo seem to have become allies.  Weaken the Varka Silenos forces, and bring back the Varka's Badge: Soldier and Varka's Badge: General as proof.  Monsters to hunt: Varka Silenos monsters)
764	2	Collection Complete? (You have taken out the soldiers at the Varka Silenos Barracks and collected enough Varka's Badge: Soldier. Report back to Hansen, or hunt more Varka Silenos to collect Varka's Badge: General (Varka's Badge: General cannot exceed a certain amount).)
764	3	Collection Complete! (You have taken out the soldiers at the Varka Silenos Barracks and collected enough Varka's Badge: Soldier and Varka's Badge: General. Report back to Hansen.)
764	-1	[completed]
765	1	Eliminating the Ketra Orcs (Lugonnes, the undercover Giant's minion at Ketra Orc Outpost, says the Ketra Orcs and the Embryo seem to have become allies.  Weaken the Ketra Orc forces, and bring back the Ketra's Badge: Soldier and Ketra's Badge: General as proof.  Monsters to hunt: Ketra Orc monsters)
765	2	Collection Complete? (You have taken out the soldiers at the Ketra Orc Outpost and collected enough Ketra's Badge: Soldier. Report back to Lugonnes, or hunt more Ketra Orcs to collect Ketra's Badge: General (Ketra's Badge: General cannot exceed a certain amount).)
765	3	Collection Complete! (You have taken out the soldiers at the Ketra Orc Outpost and collected enough Ketra's Badge: Soldier and Ketra's Badge: General. Report back to Lugonnes.)
765	-1	[completed]
767	1	Scatter the Evil (Chairen has asked you to eliminate monsters that have appeared in the Den of Evil and bring back Ragna Orc's Amulets as proof. Monsters to hunt: Ragna Orc, Ragna Orc Warrior, Ragna Orc Hero, Ragna Orc Commander, Ragna Orc Healer, Ragna Orc Shaman, Ragna Orc Priest, Ragna Orc Archer, Ragna Orc Sniper, Varangka's Dre Vanul, Varangka's Destroyer)
767	2	Choices (You have collected enough Ragna Orc's Amulets from monsters in the Den of Evil. Return to Chairen, or eliminate more monsters to gather more Ragna Orc's Greater Amulets. (You cannot exceed a certain amount of Ragna Orc's Greater Amulets))
767	3	Return to Chairen (You have collected enough Ragna Orc's Amulets and Ragna Orc's Greater Amulets from the monsters in the Den of Evil. You can collect no more Ragna Orc's Greater Amulets. Return to Chairen for rewards.)
767	-1	[completed]
768	1	Eliminate the Sel Mahum (Investigator Rua has asked you to eliminate the Sel Mahum in their Training Grounds and bring back 50 Sel Mahum Signets, and offered a special reward for bringing back the Elite Mahum ID Tag. The more you bring back, the better you will be rewarded. Monsters to hunt: Sel Mahum Drill Sergeant, Sel Mahum Training Officer, Sel Mahum Warrior, Sel Mahum Recruit, Sel Mahum Soldier, Sel Mahum Squad Leader, Sel Mahum Squad Leader, Sel Mahum Chef)
768	2	To Rua the Investigator (You have obtained all 50 of the Sel Mahum Signets from the Sel Mahum Training Grounds. Bring them back to Investigator Rua, or stay to collect more Elite Mahum ID Tags for more rewards.)
768	-1	[completed]
769	1	Investigating the Immunity to Poison (Researcher Ankumi has asked you to eliminate the Tanta Lizardmen and bring back 50 units of Lizard Blood from the Plains of the Lizardmen, and offered a special reward for bringing back the Precious Blood Stone. The more you bring back, the better you will be rewarded. Monsters to hunt: Tanta Lizardman Scout, Tanta Lizardman Warrior, Tanta Lizardman Soldier, Tanta Lizardman Berserker, Tanta Lizardman Archer, Tanta Lizardman Wizard, Tanta Lizardman Summoner)
769	2	To Researcher Ankumi (You have collected 50 units of Lizard Blood from the monsters in the Plains of the Lizardmen. You can bring them back to Researcher Ankumi, or stay to collect more Precious Blood Stones for more rewards.)
769	-1	[completed]
770	1	The Field of Fury (Worker Katensa has asked you to eliminate monsters in the Fields and bring back Mucrokian Hide and Quality Mucrokian Hide as proof. (You can trade in a number of Mucrokian Hide for Quality Mucrokian Hide.) Monsters to hunt: Mucrokians Fanatic, Mucrokians Ascetic, Mucrokians Savior, Mucrokians Prophet, Contaminated Mucrokians, Awakened Mucrokians)
770	2	Regular Cleanup (You have obtained 1 Quality Mucrokian Hide as requested by Worker Katensa, who is in the Field of Silence. You can return for minimal rewards, or stay to hunt longer for more rewards.)
770	3	Return to Katensa (You have obtained all the Quality Mucrokian Hide requested by Worker Katensa, who is in the Field of Silence, and can obtain no more. Return to Worker Katensa for rewards.)
770	-1	[completed]
771	1	The Purification Ritual (Atra has asked you to eliminate monsters in the Fields and bring back Mucrokian Hide and Quality Mucrokian Hide as proof. (You can trade in a number of Mucrokian Hide for Quality Mucrokian Hide.) Monsters to hunt: Mucrokians Fanatic, Mucrokians Ascetic, Mucrokians Savior, Mucrokians Prophet, Contaminated Mucrokians, Awakened Mucrokians)
771	2	The Glass is Half Full (You have obtained 1 Quality Mucrokian Hide as requested by Atra, who is in the Field of Whispers. You can return for minimal rewards, or stay to hunt longer for more rewards.)
771	3	Return to Atra (You have obtained all the Quality Mucrokian Hide requested by Atra, who is in the Field of Whispers, and can obtain no more. Return to Atra for rewards.)
771	-1	[completed]
772	1	Purifying the Souls of Refugees (Investigator Quincy has asked you to eliminate monsters in the Land of Chaos and bring back 50 Souls of Darkness, and offered a special reward for Faint Souls of Light. The more you bring back, the better you'll be rewarded. Monsters to hunt: Rubble, Large Rubble,  One-armed Zombie, Putrefied Zombie, Shelop, Kro, Gel, Poras, Death Worm)
772	2	To Quincy the Investigator (You have collected 50 Souls of Darkness from monsters in the Land of Chaos. You can bring them back to Investigator Quincy, or gather more Faint Souls of Light for better rewards.)
772	-1	[completed]
775	1	Collecting the Chaos Fragment (Leona Blackbird has asked you to collect Chaos Fragments. Monsters to hunt: All monsters in Beleth's Magic Circle or the Desert Quarry in Hellbound)
775	2	Partial Success (You've retrieved all the Chaos Fragments from the monsters in Beleth's Magic Circle and the Desert Quarry. Return to Leona Blackbird to receive the minimum reward, or continue hunting for greater rewards.)
775	3	Return to Leona Blackbird (You've collected all the Chaos Fragments from Beleth's Magic Circle and the Desert Quarry. Report back to Leona Blackbird.)
775	-1	[completed]
776	1	Infiltrate the Hall of Suffering (Officer Tepios has given you instructions on defeating Ekimus. You must infiltrate the Hall of Suffering after creating a command channel and entering through Jaedin at the entrance of the Seed of Infinity.)
776	2	Infiltrate the Heart of Infinity (You have broken through all of the Hall of Suffering. Move onto the Heart of Infinity to take down Ekimus.)
776	3	Return to Officer Tepios (You have completed your mission. Return to Officer Tepios.)
776	-1	[completed]
777	1	Eliminate Tiat (Sergeant Allenos of the Seed of Destruction has asked you to help destroy Tiat.)
777	-1	[completed]
778	1	Find Turakan's Secret Letter (Flame Patrol Warrior Bruener has asked you to eliminate the Nerva Orcs at Raider's Crossroads and bring back Turakan's secret letter. As proof of your effort, bring back broken weapon fragments as well. Monsters to hunt: Nerva Orc Prefect, Nerva Orc Merchant, Nerva Orc Assassin, Nerva Orc Raider, Nerva Orc Archer, Nerva Orc Priest, Nerva Orc Wizard, Nerva Orc Warrior, Nerva Bloodlust Captain)
778	2	Mission Complete (You have collected enough broken weapon fragments with Turakan's secret letter. Return to Bruener at the entrance to Raider's Crossroads.)
778	-1	[completed]
779	1	Gather the Seed of Destruction Special Products (Sergeant Allenos has asked you to defeat monsters at the Seed of Destruction and bring back Tiat's Totems. You need at least 50 to be compensated, and can gather no more than 500. Monsters to hunt: All monsters within Seed of Destruction)
779	2	Seeds of Destruction Collected (You have collected 50 Tiat's Totems. You can return to Sergeant Allenos, but you can also collect more if you wish. You can collect up to 500.)
779	3	Return to Allenos (You have gathered enough Tiat's Totems. Return to Sergeant Allenos.)
779	-1	[completed]
780	1	Gather the Seed of Infinity Special Products (Officer Tepios has asked you to defeat monsters at the Seed of Infinity and bring back Marred Soul Crystals.  You need at least 50 to be compensated, and can gather no more than 500. Monsters to hunt: All monsters within Seed of Infinity)
780	2	Seeds of Infinity Collected (You have collected 50 Marred Soul Crystals. You can return to Officer Tepios, but you can also collect more if you wish. You can collect up to 500.)
780	3	Return to Tepios (You have gathered enough Marred Soul Crystals. Return to Officer Tepios.)
780	-1	[completed]
781	1	Gather the Seed of Annihilation Special Products (Officer Klemis has asked you to defeat monsters at the Seed of Annihilation and bring back Soul Stone Dust.  You need at least 50 to be compensated, and can gather no more than 500. Monsters to hunt: All monsters within Seed of Annihilation)
781	2	Seeds of Annihilation Collected (You have collected 50 Soul Stone Dust. You can return to Officer Klemis, but you can also collect more if you wish. You can collect up to 500.)
781	3	Return to Klemis (You have gathered enough Soul Stone Dust. Return to Officer Klemis.)
781	-1	[completed]
782	1	Gather the Seed of Hellfire Special Products (Sizrak has asked you to defeat monsters at the Seed of Hellfire and bring back Disabled Petra.  You need at least 50 to be compensated, and can gather no more than 500. Monsters to hunt: All monsters within Seed of Hellfire)
782	2	Seeds of Hellfire Collected (You have collected 50 Disabled Petra.You can return to Sizrak, , but you can also collect more if you wish. You can collect up to 500.)
782	3	Return to Sizrak (You have gathered enough Disabled Petra. Return to Sizrak.)
782	-1	[completed]
783	1	Retrieving the Chaos Fragment (Leona Blackbird from Hellbound has asked you to collect the High-grade Fragments of Chaos from the Phantasmal Ridge. Monsters to Hunt - Smaug, Lunatikan, Jabberwok, Kanzaroth, Kandiloth, Garion, Garion Neti, Desert Wendigo, Koraza, Bend Beatle, Viper)
783	2	Minimal Success (You've retrieved a few Fragments of Chaos from the monsters in the Phantasmal Ridge. You can receive the minimum rewards if you return to Leona Blackbird now. If you want more rewards, continue hunting.)
783	3	Return to Leona Blackbird (You've retrieved all the Fragments of Chaos from the monsters in the Phantasmal Ridge. Now return to Leona Blackbird in Hellbound and report.)
783	-1	[completed]
784	1	Silence the Stakatos (Kahman wants you to help him by hunting down the Stakatos at the Swamp of Screams. As proof, bring back Stakato Chitin and Quality Stakato Chitin. Monsters to Hunt: Stakatos in the Swamp of Screams)
784	2	The Collection (You have done enough hunting and gathering. Either report back to Kahman, or continue to hunt and gather some more. (Quality Stakato Chitins have a limit on how much you can gather.))
784	3	Complete the Collection (You have done enough hunting and gathering. Report back to Kahman.)
784	-1	[completed]
785	1	Collect the Ingredients (The Mysterious Wizard has trouble obtaining ingredients for his experiments due to the interference of unknown outsiders. But why does he need the Undead for experiements? Seems strange, but indulge him and take down the Undead to collect their flesh and blood. Monsters to Hunt: Undead monsters in the Forest of the Dead)
785	2	The Collection (You have gathered enough flesh and blood of the Undead. Either report back to the Mysterious Wizard, or hunt and gather some more. (Monster Blood has a limit on a how much you can gather.))
785	3	Complete the Collection (You have enough flesh and blood from the Undead. Report back to the Mysterious Wizard.)
785	-1	[completed]
786	1	Background Noise (The Hermit suspects that he might be unable to hear the voice of the gods due to the presence of monsters nearby. Help him out. Monsters to Hunt: Canyon Antelope, Canyon Antelope Slave, Canyon Bandersnatch, Canyon Bandersnatch Slave, Valley Buffalo Slave, Valley Grendel Slave, Sly Hound Dog, Eye of Guide, Gaze of Nightmares, Eye of Watchman, Eye of Pilgrim, Eye of Restrainer, Homunculus, Elder Homunculus)
786	2	The Collection (You took down the monsters and gathered the Evil Eyes of Darkness. Either report back to the Hermit, or hunt and gather some more. (Evil Eye of Darkness has a limit on how much you can gather.))
786	3	Complete the Collection (You gathered enough from the monsters in the area. Return to the Hermit.)
786	-1	[completed]
787	1	The Watcher's Work (Namo wants you to get rid of some monsters while he watches over Dragon Valley. Bring him some Dragon Bone Dust and Dragon Bone Fragments as proof of your aid. Monsters to Hunt: Mesmer Dragon, Gargoyle Dragon, Black Dragon, Emerald Dragon, Sand Dragon, Dragonblood Captain, Dragonblood Minion, Cave Servant Archer, Cave Servant Warrior, Metallic Cave Servant, Iron Cave Servant, Headless Knight, Prey Drake, Dust Drake, Vampiric Drake, Bloody Grave Warrior, Dark Grave Warrior, Dark Grave Wizard, Dark Grave Knight, Gust Spiral)
787	2	The Collection (You hunted and gathered enough. Either report back to Namo, or hunt and gather some more. (Dragon Bone Fragments have a limit on how much you can gather.))
787	3	Complete the Collection (You have gathered enough for Namo. Report back to him.)
787	-1	[completed]
789	1	Collect Magma Crystals (Harp Zu Hestui has asked you to defeat monsters in the Blazing Swamp and bring back Magma Ores. Monsters to hunt: Magma Ailith, Magma Apophis, Lava Wyrm, Lava Drake, Lava Wendigo, Lava Stone Golem, Lava Leviah, Magma Salamander, Magma Dre Vanul, Magma Ifrit, Blazing Saurus, Blazing Wizard, Flame Preta, Flame Crow, Flame Rael, Flame Salamander, Flame Drake, Flame Votis)
789	2	Almost Done? (You have collected 100 Magma Ores. You can take them to Harp Zu Hestui right now, but you can collect more if you want. You can collect up to 400.)
789	3	Completed! (You have collected all the Magma Ores. Report to Harp Zu Hestui.)
789	-1	[completed]
790	1	The Trial to Obtain Trust (Master Cyphona has asked you to defeat the spirits in the Garden of Spirits and collect their souls. Monsters to hunt - Kerberos Liger, Kerberos Fort, Kerberos Nero, Fury Sylph Barrena, Fury Sylph Temptress, Fury Sylph Purka, Fury Kerberos Liger, Fury Kerberos Nero)
790	2	To Cyphona? (You've defeated the spirits in the Garden of Spirits and acquired their souls. This is enough to get a reward. You can either stop hunting and go back to Master Cyphona in the Blackbird Campsite to get your reward, or you can continue hunting to get a better reward.)
790	3	Return to Cyphona (You've defeated the spirits in the Garden of Spirits and collected the Mutated Spirit's Souls. Go back to Master Cyphona in the Blackbird Campsite.)
790	-1	[completed]
816	1	Collecting Tools to Repair the Stronghold (Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph has asked you to collect cloths to repair the flags in the strongholds and to get the reports from the Aden Vanguard members in the strongholds. Monsters to hunt - Fortress Raider, Fortress Guardian Captain, Atelia Passionate Soldier, Atelia Elite Captain, Fortress Dark Wizard, Atelia Flame Master, Fortress Archon, Atelia High Priest)
816	2	Return to Adolph (You've acquired the Stronghold Flag Repair Cloth from the Embryo in the Atelia Fortress and received all the reports from the Aden Vanguard. Go report back to Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
816	3	Return to Adolph (You've acquired the Stronghold Flag Repair Cloth from the Embryo in the Atelia Fortress and received all the reports from the Aden Vanguard. Go report back to Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
816	-1	[completed]
817	1	Collecting Black Atelia Powder (Shadai's Disciple Kaysia has asked you to defeat the Embryo in the Atelia Fortress and to bring back Black Atelia Powder. Monsters to hunt - Guardian Sinistra, Guardian Destra, Kelbim's Clone)
817	2	Return to Kaysia (You've acquired the Atelia Fragment from the Embryo in the Atelia Fortress. Go report back to Shadai's Disciple Kaysia in the Town of Oren.)
817	-1	[completed]
823	1	Collecting Nymph Stamens (Fairy Mimyu has asked you to defeat the monsters that appeared in the Enchanted Valley and to bring back Nymph Stamens. Monsters to hunt - Nymph Rose, Nymph Lily, Nymph Tulip, Nymph Cosmos, Nymph Guardian)
823	2	All Collected (You've collected 300 Nymph Stamens. You can take these to Fairy Mimyu now, but you can collect more if you want. You can collect up to 1800 Stamens.)
823	3	Return to Fairy Mimyu (You've collected all the Nymph Stamens. Go report to Fairy Mimyu.)
823	-1	[completed]
824	1	Commander Burnstein (Devianne has asked you to go to the 3rd floor to save the captives and stop Burnstein's plan.  Monster to hunt: Burnstein)
824	2	To Verdure Elder Elikia (Go back to Verdure Elder Elikia in the Blackbird Campsite and report.)
824	-1	[completed]
826	1	Repressing a Revolt (Refugee Neti has asked you to defeat the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries who have taken over Gluding Village, and to bring back Ashen Certificates. Monsters to Hunt: Unit 1 Commander, Unit 2 Commander, Unit 3 Commander, Unit 4 Commander, Unit 5 Commander, Unit 6 Commander, Unit 7 Commander, Unit 8 Commander)
826	2	Back to Refugee Neti (You've defeated the Commanders of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries and collected the Ashen Certificates. Go back to Gludio and report to Refugee Neti.)
826	-1	[completed]
827	1	Retrieving Strategic Map Pieces (Sir Klaus Vasper, who was hiding inside a box, has asked you to defeat the Elite Soldiers of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries, and to bring back the Revolutionaries' Strategic Map Pieces. Monsters to Hunt: Unit 1 Elite Soldier, Unit 2 Elite Soldier, Unit 3 Elite Soldier, Unit 4 Elite Soldier, Unit 5 Elite Soldier, Unit 6 Elite Soldier, Unit 7 Elite Soldier, Unit 8 Elite Soldier)
827	2	To Sir Klaus Vasper (You've defeated the Elite Soldiers of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries and collected all the Revolutionaries' Strategic Map Pieces. Go report to Sir Klaus Vasper.)
827	-1	[completed]
828	1	Rescuing Captives (Priest Adonius, who was hiding inside a box, has asked you to rescue the citizens of Gludin who've been captured by the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries.)
828	2	To Adonius (You've rescued all of the captives who were captured by the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries. Go report to Priest Adonius.)
828	-1	[completed]
829	1	Treasure Hunt (Blacksmith Kluto, who was hiding inside a box, has seen the rebels hiding Supply Boxes around the village. Go look for those Supply Boxes.)
829	2	To Blacksmith Kluto (You've found the Supply Boxes of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries. Go take these to Blacksmith Kluto.)
829	-1	[completed]
830	1	No Mercy (Grand Master Yeniche, who was hiding in a box, has asked you to defeat the Elite Soldiers of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries. Monsters to Hunt: Unit 1 Elite Soldier, Unit 2 Elite Soldier, Unit 3 Elite Soldier, Unit 4 Elite Soldier, Unit 5 Elite Soldier, Unit 6 Elite Soldier, Unit 7 Elite Soldier, Unit 8 Elite Soldier)
830	2	To Grand Master Yeniche (You've defeated the Elite Soldiers of the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries. Go report to Grand Master Yeniche.)
830	-1	[completed]
831	1	Breaking Trust (Wanderer Yuyuria, who was hiding inside a box, has asked you to defeat the Ashen Shadow Revolutionaries and to pring back Destroyed Mark Fragments as proof. Monster to Hunt - Revolutionaries' Altar)
831	2	To Yuyuria (You've destroyed the altars that the Revolutionaries were protecting and collected all the Destroyed Mark Fragments. Go report to Wanderer Yuyuria.)
831	-1	[completed]
833	1	Defeat Flame Scorpions (You decided to help Archaeologist Deton to find some treasures. First, defeat the Flame Scorpion. Monster to Hunt - Flame Scorpion)
833	2	At a Crossroads (You are at a crossroads. Select the path you want to go through.)
833	3	Defeat Flame Golems (You've selected the place where the Flame Golem is. Defeat the Flame Golem. Monster to Hunt - Flame Golem)
833	4	Defeat Flame Scarabs (You've selected the place where the Flame Scarab is. Defeat the Flame Scarab. Monster to Hunt - Flame Scarab)
833	5	Destroy the Seal Device (You've defeated the monster. Destroy the Seal Device.)
833	6	Move Underground (With the destruction of the Seal Device, a hole has opened up underground. Deton says that if you go through the undergrounds, you'll be able to find the treasures. Go through the underground path.)
833	7	Stop the Seal Archangel (The Seal Archangel has appeared underground. Defeat the Seal Archangel. Monster to Hunt - Seal Archangel)
833	8	To Tavern Owner Settlen (Settlen is looking for you. If you are done with the story, go find Settlen.)
833	-1	[completed]
834	1	Rescue Molly (Seal the Altar of Earth and the Altar of Wind, and rescue Molly.)
834	2	Defeat Kelbim (Defeat Kelbim and recapture the Schuttgart Castle.)
834	3	To Tavern Owner Settlen (Settlen is looking for you. If you are done with the story, go find Settlen.)
834	-1	[completed]
835	1	Speak with Sayan (Ask Sage Sayan how you can help heal Melisa.)
835	2	Collect Ice Crystal Shards (Collect the Ice Crystal Shards spread throughout the Labyrinth in order to heal Melisa. Monsters to Hunt - Frost Glacier Golem, Glacier Golem)
835	3	Return to Sayan (You've collected all the Ice Crystal Shards from the monsters in the Labyrinth. Return to Melisa's palace and report to Sage Sayan.)
835	4	Look After Princess Melisa (Look after Princess Melisa as she gets treatment and recovers.)
835	5	To Settlen (Settlen is looking for you. If you are done with the story, go find Settlen.)
835	-1	[completed]
901	1	Lavasaurus Research (In the Forge of the Gods, hunt Newborn, Fledgling, Adult, and Elderly Lavasauruses and obtain from them Lavasaurus Stone, Head, Body fragment, and Horn fragments.)
901	2	Lavasaurus Fragments (Take the Lavasaurus fragments back to Blacksmith of Wind Rooney.)
901	-1	[completed]
902	1	Select a Task (Captain Mathias asks you to choose one out of three locations where you will go to vanquish monsters. Tell him after deciding where to go.)
902	2	Destroy Your Enemies (You selected the task to eliminate the Varka Silenos and Ketra Orcs. Monsters to be hunted - Varka's Hero Shadith, and Ketra's Hero Hekaton)
902	3	Destroy Your Enemies (You selected the task to conquer the Cannibalistic Stakato Captain. Monsters to be hunted - Cannibalistic Stakato Captain)
902	4	Destroy Your Enemies (You selected the task to control Anais. Monsters to be hunted - Anais)
902	5	Mission Complete! (You have completed your task that Captain Mathias talked about. Return and report to him.)
902	-1	[completed]
903	1	Antharas Minions (Obtain leather pieces from the Tarask Dragon and the Behemoth Dragon in Antharas' Lair.)
903	2	No more Minions (Bring the Tarask & Behemoth Dragon's leather pieces back to Antharas Watchman Theodric.)
903	-1	[completed]
904	1	Proof of Glory and Courage (Watcher of Antharas Theodric asks you to defeat the land dragon Antharas to prove your glory and courage. Challenge Antharas inside Antharas' Lair.)
904	2	Proof of the Dragon Hunt - Land Dragon (You defeated Land dragon Antharas! Return to Theodric to prove your glory and courage.)
904	-1	[completed]
905	1	Red Blood, Blue Blood (Go to Antharas' Lair. Obtain blue liquid from the Dragon Guard, Dragon Mage, Dragon Knight, Dragon Knight Warrior, and Elite Dragon Knight. Obtain red liquid from the Drake Leader, Drake Warrior, Drake Scout, and Drake Mage.)
905	2	Refined Dragon Blood (Bring the red and blue liquid back to the Separated Soul.)
905	-1	[completed]
906	1	Valakas Underlings (Obtain a Lavasaurus Alpha fragment inside Valakas' Lair.)
906	2	Lavasaurus Alpha Fragment (Bring the Lavasaurus Alpha fragment back to Valakas Watchman Klein.)
906	-1	[completed]
907	1	Proof of Glory and Courage (Valakas Watchman Klein asks you to defeat the fire dragon Valakas to prove your glory and courage. Challenge Valakas inside Valakas' Lair.)
907	2	Proof of the Dragon Hunt - Fire Dragon (You defeated fire dragon Valakas! Return to Klein to prove your glory and courage.)
907	-1	[completed]
943	1	In Pursuit of Twisted Magic (The Seed Talisman manager asks you to defeat one or more of the following monsters and to bring the Core of Twisted Magic (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP).  Monsters to hunt: Istina, Octavis, Spezion, Baylor, Balok, Ron, or Tauti)
943	2	Magic Tablet (Bring back the Core of Twisted Magic to the Seed Talisman manager in the Town of Aden.)
943	-1	[completed]
10267	1	Leaving for Gracia! (The journey to stop Gracia's tragedy has begun. Before heading to the Keucereus Alliance Bae, go to see Magister Papiku at the Gludio Airship Field.)
10267	2	Aboard an airship (The target is Keucereus Alliance Base. Magister Papiku says that one can only pass through it via airships. Let's board an airship and go to Keucereus Alliance Base.)
10267	-1	[completed]
10268	1	A message to the Seed of Infinity (We should deliver a letter of introduction to Officer Tepios who's stationed at the Death Gate inside of the Seed of Infinity. You will need to speak with Jaydin, the Guide of Infinity, who's at the entrance of the Seed of Infinity in order to teleport inside the Seed of Infinity to find Officer Tepios.)
10268	-1	[completed]
10269	1	A Message to the Seed of Destruction (We need to deliver Keucereus' letter of introduction to Sergeant Allenos, the subordinate of Keucereus, who guards the entrance to the Seed of Destruction.)
10269	-1	[completed]
10270	1	Investigate the Seed (Soldier Plenos of the Keucereus Alliance Base has asked you to investigate the Seed of Infinity. Speak to War Mage Artius before you depart.)
10270	2	Evidence of Evil (War Mage Artius of the Keucereus Alliance Base ask that you  bring a collection of marks after hunting monsters in the Seed of Infinity to obtain an information about the Seed of Infinity. Monsters to be hunted - Yehan Klodekus, Yehan Klanikus, and Cohemenes)
10270	3	Story of Artius (War Mage Artius requires more time to examine the marks brought from the Seed of Infinity. After enough time has passed speak to War Mage Artius again.)
10270	4	Meeting with a mysterious person (War Mage Artius of the Keucereus Alliance Base said to see Shilen Priest Lelrikia who's location is unknown in order to obtain the key information about the Seed of Infinity. Soldier Ginby of the Keucereus Alliance Base might know how to find him. We should go see Soldier Ginby.)
10270	5	Lord of Infinity (The required information has been obtained from Shilen Priest Lelrikia. Return to War Mage Artius at Keucereus Alliance Base and report in.)
10270	-1	[completed]
10271	1	Guard of the Inspector (Soldier Orbyu of Keucereus Alliance Base requests that the Seed of Destruction is investigated. This area is dangerous and it is recommended to see Soldier El, who is stationed there as a guard for the inspector, to gather information first.)
10271	2	Documents of the Inspector (Soldier El recalls his failed mission and asks to bring documents from the corpse of Inspector Medibal in the Seed of Destruction. Much more information about the Seed of Destruction can be obtained from these documents. Find the documents on the corpse of Inspector Medibal in the Seed of Destruction.)
10271	3	Return to Soldier El (You have obtained the documents from Inspector Medibal's corpse. We should return to Soldier El of the Keucereus Alliance Base with these documents.)
10271	4	Return to Soldier Orbyu (Soldier El expressed his appreciation when he saw that the documents have been recovered. He said there is a reward if these document are brought to Soldier Orbyu. We should bring these documents to Soldier Orbyu and get the reward.)
10271	-1	[completed]
10272	1	Delivery of the Inspector's Documents (Soldier Orbyu of the Keucereus Alliance Base requests that Inspector Medibal's documents, containing an information about the Seed of Destruction, are personally delivered to War Mage Artius. We should deliver these documents to War Mage Artius.)
10272	2	Story about Medibal (War Mage Artius requires more time to examine Inspector Medibal's documents that were brought from the Seed of Destruction. Since it's been enough time we should speak to him again.)
10272	3	Witch in the Mounted Troop (War Mage Artius of the Keucereus Alliance Base asks to find Shilen Priest Lelrikia. Lelrikia will know about the Witch who's in control of Mounted Troop. Since Lelrikia's location is secret we should speak with Soldier Ginby to get the location where Lelrikia is in the  fortress.)
10272	4	Return to Artius (Hear a story from Priest of Shilen Lelrikia about Tiat, the lord who protects the Seed of Infinity. Return to War Mage Artius of the Keucereus Alliance Base and report this.)
10272	5	Collecting Materials (War Mage Artius has a plan to defeat Tiat by taking advantage of a weakness of the Dragon of Darkness. In order to accomplish this, 100 Destroyed Darkness Fragment Powder items have to be collected after defeating his subordinates in the Seed of Destruction. Monsters to be hunted - Dragon Steed Troop Infantry, Dragon Steed Troop Javelin Thrower, Dragon Steed Troop Healer, Dragon Steed Troops No 1 Battalion Commander, Dragon Steed Troop Commander, Dragon Steed Troop Magic Leader, Dragon Steed Troop Grand Magician, Defeated Troops Infantry, Defeated Troops Javelin Thrower, Defeated Troops Healer, Defeated Troops No 1 Battalion Commander, Defeated Troops Commander, Defeated Troops Magic Soldier, Defeated Troops Magician, Defeated Troops Magic Leader, Defeated Troops White Dragon Leader, Warrior of Light, Royal Guard Captain, White Dragon Leader, and Soldiers of Bravery)
10272	6	Purifying Materials (War Mage Artius says that the Destroyed Darkness Fragment Powder collected from the Seed of Destruction need to be purified. The only way to purify these materials is if they are taken to the Shadow of the Mother Tree that is located north of the Elven Village. Let's go there to purify the Destroyed Darkness Fragment Powder in order to create Destroyed Light Fragment Powder (transform Destroyed Darkness Fragment Powder into Destroyed Light Fragment Powder by double clicking an item at the corresponding location).)
10272	7	Making a Sacred Light Fragment (Enough Destroyed Light Fragment Powder has been collected and it can be taken to Lekon to make a weapon to fight Tiat.)
10272	8	Sacred Light Fragment created (A Sacred Light Fragment has been created that can be used against Tiat, the Witch of Dragon of Darkness. This will be useful in the fight against Tiat as it attacks their weakness. Let's go and see Artius before going to the Seed of Destruction to attack Tiat.)
10272	-1	[completed]
10273	1	Qualifications to fly (Engineer Lekon of the Keucereus Alliance Base says that today is a good day to fly since the sky is clear. But he says that a certificate that proves you are qualified to fly is required. In order to gain this certificate hunt Vulture riders or Elite Riders that fly over the skies of Keucereus Alliance Base and bring back Rider Marks. Monsters to be hunted - Vulture riders and Elite Riders)
10273	2	Return to Lekon (You have collected all Rider's Marks necessary to prove you are qualified to fly. Return to Engineer Lekon of the Keucereus Alliance Base!)
10273	-1	[completed]
10274	1	Extracting Star Stones (Engineer Lekon of the Keucereus Alliance Base suggests that you learn how to extract star stones now that you are now qualified to fly. We should collect 8 stones extracted from star stones over the skies of Keucereus and return to Lekon.)
10274	2	To Lekon (All the necessary extracted stones have been collected. Return to Engineer Lekon of the Keucereus Alliance Base!)
10274	-1	[completed]
10275	-2	
10275	1	Gorgeous and skilled adventurer (It's not easy finding a warrior with both skills and the charisma. Wait, why not? Volunteer yourself.)
10275	2	The Worries of Attribute Master Yin (What is Attribute Master Yin worried about? Go and see the Attribute Master inside of the village and hear what she says.)
10275	3	First request from Attribute Master Yin (Attribute Master Yin of the Town of Aden has asked you to capture the Reckless Water Spirit which escaped from the lab during one of the experiments. Due to the delicate nature of this spirit she has instructed you to capture the reckless spirit using her sword. Go to the War-Torn Plains nearby the Town of Aden, and hunt the Reckless Water Spirit with Attribute Master Yin's sword. Monster to hunt - Reckless Water Spirit)
10275	4	Return to Attribute Master Yin (You have succeeded in capturing the Reckless Water Spirit. Return to Attribute Master Yin in the Town of Aden.)
10275	5	Second request from Attribute Master Yin (Attribute Master Yin in the Town of Aden has another request. In addition to giving you her sword she has used her magic to enhance the attribute of water. After feeling the effects of her magic use her sword to hunt down the Reckless Water Spirit one more time. Monster to hunt - Reckless Water Spirit)
10275	6	Return to Attribute Master Yin again (You have succeeded in capturing the Reckless Water Spirit again. Return to Attribute Master Yin in the Town of Aden.)
10275	7	The Worries of Attribute Master Yang (What does Attribute Master Yang worry about? Go and see Attribute Master Yang inside of the village and hear what he has to say.)
10275	8	First request from Attribute Master Yang (Attribute Master Yang of Runeship Town has asked you to capture the Reckless Wind Spirit that escaped from the lab during one of the experiments. Due to the delicate nature of this spirit he has instructed you to capture the reckless spirit using his sword. Go to Rune Territory nearby the Town of Runeship, and hunt the Reckless Wind Spirit using the sword of Attribute Master Yang. Monster to hunt - Reckless Wind Spirit)
10275	9	Return to Attribute Master Yang (You have succeeded in capturing the Reckless Wind Spirit. Return to Attribute Master Yang in Runeship Town.)
10275	10	Second request from Attribute Master Yang (Attribute Master Yang in the Runeship Town has another request. In addition to giving you his sword he has used his magic to enhance the attribute of earth. After feeling the effects of his magic use his sword to hunt down the Reckless Wind Spirit one more time. Monster to hunt - Reckless Wind Spirit)
10275	11	Return to Attribute Master Yang again (You have succeeded in capturing the Reckless Wind Spirit again. Return to Attribute Master Yang in Runeship Town.)
10275	-1	[completed]
10276	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Bring Mutated Kaneus of Kamaloka and cellular tissues of Tomlan Kamos and Ol Ariosh to Magister Rohmer. Monsters to be hunted - Ol Ariosh and Tomlan Kamos)
10276	-1	[completed]
10277	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Bring Mutated Kaneus of Kamaloka and cellular tissues of Crimson Hatu Otis and Seer Flouros to Magister Mirien. Monsters to be hunted - Crimson Hatu Otis and Seer Flouros)
10277	-1	[completed]
10278	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Bring Mutated Kaneus of Kamaloka and cellular tissues of Blade Otis and Weird Bunei to Magister Minevia at the Einhasad Temple. Monsters to be hunted - Blade Otis and Weird Bunei)
10278	-1	[completed]
10279	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Find Mutated Kaneus and bring cellular tissues of Kaim Abigore, and Knight Montagnar to Magister Rovia at the Einhasad Temple. Monsters to be hunted - Kaim Abigore and Knight Montagnar)
10279	-1	[completed]
10280	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Bring Mutated Kaneus of Kamaloka and cellular tissues of Venomous Storace and Kel Bilette to Magister Atraxia at the Einhasad Temple. Monsters to be hunted - Venomous Storace and Kel Bilette)
10280	-1	[completed]
10281	1	Mutated Cellular Tissue (Bring Mutated Kaneus of Kamaloka and a cellular tissue of White Allosce to Magister Kayan at the Einhasad Temple. Monster to hunt - White Allosce)
10281	-1	[completed]
10282	1	To the Seed of Annihilation (Commander Kbaldir of Keucereus' Clan Outpost wants you to help Gracian soldiers at the Seed of Annihilation. You are to report to Officer Klemis with Kbaldir's Orders.)
10282	-1	[completed]
10283	1	Story of Ice Queen Freya (Rafforty of Jinia Guild asks you if you will not betray the Jinia Guild. When you swear you will not, he begins telling you the story of Ice Queen Freya. Listen carefully to his story.)
10283	2	Where is the Divine Sword? (Rafforty of Jinia Guild said that he found out by reading Kier's code that the Divine Sword is required to seal Freya away. Investigate Kier's ice sculpture to obtain the sword.)
10283	3	Sudden encounter (While investigating Kier's ice sculpture, you feel something behind it instead of finding a clue about the sword. What could it be?)
10283	-1	[completed]
10284	1	Secret Hideout of Jinia Guild (Rafforty of Jinia Guild says that Jinia wants to speak to you at the secret hideout of her Guild. Ask Rafforty to take you there.)
10284	2	Secret Meeting with Jinia (You've entered the secret hideout of Jinia Guild. Have a talk with Jinia.)
10284	3	For the Divine Sword (Jinia told you the story of the Guild and the Ice Queen. She has also asked for your help to acquire the Divine Sword since they cannot accomplish their goals without it.  Go to the Mithril Mine in the Dwarven Village and ask Krun to lead you inside it.)
10284	4	Saving Kegor (Find Kegor who has found the Divine Sword in the Mithril Mine. He's become sick from the poisonous bite of the mine creatures. Feed him the antidote and save him.)
10284	5	For the Divine Sword (While attempting to save Kegor, there appeared strange monsters around. You must take care of them first.)
10284	6	Kegor Saved! (You've successfully saved Kegor. Try to talk to him again.)
10284	-1	[completed]
10285	1	To the hideout of Jinia Guild (Rafforty of Jinia Guild says Jinia is waiting for you in the Guild hideout. Enter it by talking to him.)
10285	2	Meeting with Jinia (You've entered the secret hideout of Jinia Guild. Have a talk with Jinia.)
10285	3	Meeting with Kegor (Jinia suggests that you talk to Kegor.)
10285	4	Conversation with Jinia (Kegor said he appreciated you saving him at the Mithril Mine and promised to help you with anything. Talk to Jinia again.)
10285	5	Unexpected visit (Who is this strange woman that appeared suddenly while  you were talking with Jinia? Seems she wants to talk.)
10285	6	The Unforgiven (Sirra told a strange and shocking story, but you cannot cooperate with the devil! Speak to Jinia again.)
10285	7	To Freya's Garden (Jinia admitted Sirra's story was true. Now that we have the Divine Sword in our hand, let's go to defeat the Ice Queen Freya. Talk to Freya's Steward at the entrance of her castle.)
10285	8	To the Ice Queen (You've entered the castle. Talk to Jinia.)
10285	9	End the Winter! (The battle with Freya will begin soon. Defeat her and end her icy grip on the land of Aden!)
10285	10	Defeat (You lost consciousness when hit by the Eternal Blizzard of Freya.  When you woke up, you found yourself at Rafforty's hut. Try talking to him.)
10285	-1	[completed]
10286	1	Help from Jinia Guild (Apparently the Jinia Guild rescued you from Freya when the battle went awry. Talk about the details with Jinia when entering the hideout of Jinia Guild.)
10286	2	Jinia's Story (You've entered the secret hideout of Jinia Guild. Have a talk with Jinia.)
10286	3	Second meeting with Sirra (Sirra appeared once again. She seems to have something to say...)
10286	4	All prepared (Even though it seems like a bad idea, you have no other choice but to cooperate with Sirra to defeat Freya. Try to talk to Jinia.)
10286	5	To the Ice Queen's Castle (Go to the Ice Queen's Castle where Freya awaits.  Jinia will be at the entrance of the castle.)
10286	6	Punishment for Freya (You've entered Ice Queen's Castle to defeat her again. Now is the time defeat Freya and bring spring back to this land. Use the Divine Sword and Black Frozen Core, they are your secret weapons in this fight...)
10286	7	The Cycle of Tragedy (You've successfully captured Freya. But... Sirra became the new Ice Queen by killing Felicia and absorbing her power! Try to talk to Jinia.)
10286	-1	[completed]
10287	1	Rafforty's Story (Rafforty of Jinia Guild has something to say. Talk to him and then enter the Guild's hideout.)
10287	2	Jinia's Story (You've entered the secret hideout of Jinia Guild. Have a talk with Jinia.)
10287	3	Story of Kegor (Have a talk with Kegor.)
10287	4	A Long Farewell (Now that your business with Jinia Guild has ended, talk to Jinia to return home.)
10287	5	Rafforty's Reward (Jinia said she left something for you with Rafforty. Return and talk to him.)
10287	-1	[completed]
10288	1	To Aquilani (You have received a mission to deliver the a Secret Letter to Priest Greymore in the Monastery of Silence. But only Aquilani knows the location of Greymore. First go see Aquilani who is near the west entrance of the Monastery.)
10288	2	To Greymore (Aquilani told you that Greymore will be in a room in-between the first and second floors of the Monastery of Silence. Head inside to find him.)
10288	-1	[completed]
10289	1	Turn off the Lights (Priest Greymore infiltrated the Monastery of Silence and asks you to capture the Lord of Splendor, Anais. But you will only get a reward for capturing him with the Mark of Splendor. A Mark of Darkness will earn you only Greymore's derision. Capture the Lord of Splendor, Anais and test your luck.  Monsters to be hunted - Lord of Splendor, Anais)
10289	2	Mark of Darkness (Only the Mark of Darkness came out. If you bring this to Priest Greymore, he will laugh at you. Try to capture the Lord of Splendor, Anais once again.)
10289	3	Mark of Splendor (Mark of Splendor, it is! Bring it to Priest Greymore.)
10289	-1	[completed]
10290	1	Defeat Antharas (Antharas Watchman Theodric has stated that it is nearly impossible to defeat Antharas now. Obtain proof that you have defeated Antharas and prove that it can be stopped. The Shabby Necklace will change upon successfully defeating Antharas. You need a large group in order to take on this task. )
10290	2	Antharas Conquered (Antharas has been defeated. The Shabby Necklace in your possession has changed into the Miracle Necklace. Take it back to Theodric as proof that the impossible is possible.)
10290	-1	[completed]
10291	1	Defeat Valakas (You have accepted the challenge to defeat Valakas. You can prove that you have destroyed the beast by containing some of its power in the necklace Klein gave you. You will need to form or be part of a large group to take on Valakas.)
10291	2	Return of the Destroyer (Valakas has been defeated and you now possess the necklace containing some of his power. Show this to Klein to prove that you have destroyed the Fire Dragon.)
10291	-1	[completed]
10292	1	Call of the Witness of Dawn (Seek the Witness of Dawn Franz and hear his story.)
10292	2	Mysterious Girl (Find the mysterious Dark Elf girl as described by Franz. She is said to be in a tent located in the Beast Farm. Find the gruff-looking man guarding the tent and speak with him.)
10292	3	Test 1 (Defeat the golems in Pavel Ruins and collect 10 Elcadia's Marks. Monsters to be hunted - Cruel Pincer Golem, Horrifying Jackhammer Golem)
10292	4	Test 1 Report (Speak with Elcadia and receive the next test.)
10292	5	Test 2 (Before Elcadia's eyes, defeat all the enemies that she has prepared and prove my strength.)
10292	6	Test 2 Report (Speak with Elcadia and report the test result.)
10292	7	Meeting with Hardin (Go to Hardin's Academy and speak with Hardin.)
10292	8	Report to Elcadia (Return to Elcadia and report.)
10292	-1	[completed]
10293	1	Library of Sages (Go to the Library of Sages in the Town of Rune and speak with Sophia.)
10293	2	In Search of a Book (Learn more about the book that Elcadia seeks in the Library of Sages.)
10293	3	The Book that Mentions Embryo (The book the Elcadia seeks has something to do with the Saintess Solina. Ask Sophia about the connection between the words Solina and Embryo.)
10293	4	Forbidden Ancient Book (The book that Elcadia seeks has been designated as forbidden and cannot be read. Tell this to Elcadia.)
10293	5	Library of Sages (Go to the Library of Sages and give Sophia the password that you heard from Elcadia.)
10293	6	Underground Library of Sages (Go to the Underground Library as requested by Sophia. And find the Solina Biography that is kept there. You can speak with Elcadia during the quest to receive a hint.)
10293	7	Clues Pointing Toward Embryo (You found the Solina Biography that Elcadia seeks. Speak with Elcadia and report this.)
10293	8	Pursuing Embryo (You found the Solina Biography that Elcadia seeks. Return to Elcadia's Cabin and speak with Elcadia further.)
10293	-1	[completed]
10294	1	To the Monastery of Silence (Go to the Monastery of Silence and look for a device that moves you to the office. According to Hardin, the device that moves you to the office is located in the monastery's grand library.)
10294	2	Proof of Qualification (Speak with Director Eris to move to the Holy Burial Ground. Pass the test of worthiness and receive Kaerun's Memoir.)
10294	3	Kaerun's Memoir (Return to Director Eris and report that you have received Kaerun's Memoir.)
10294	-1	[completed]
10295	1	Seal of the Saintess (Infiltrate the Seal of the Saintess with help from Eris. Defeat the guards and move to the Hall of the Saintess.)
10295	2	Hill of the Past (Listen to Solina's story and confirm what exactly happened on the Hill of the Past.)
10295	3	The Start of Embryo (Return to Eris and deliver the truth about Embryo that you heard from Solina.)
10295	-1	[completed]
10296	1	Embryo (Listen to Eris' story.)
10296	2	The Approaching Danger (Someone infiltrated Eris' office. Defeat him and speak with Elcadia.)
10296	3	That Was Close, But.. (Return to Elcadia's Cabin and speak with Elcadia.)
10296	4	Hardin's Call (You hear from Elcadia that Hardin is looking for you. Meet with Hardin.)
10296	5	Mission Complete (Now all the missions are complete. Return to Franz through Wood and report back.)
10296	-1	[completed]
10297	1	Speak with Lollia (Settlen told you to talk to Lollia.)
10297	2	Speak with Hanna (Lollia told you to talk to Hanna.)
10297	3	Speak with Mei (Hanna told you to talk to Mei.)
10297	4	Speak with Brodien (Mei told you to talk to Brodien.)
10297	5	Speak with Lupia (Brodien told you to talk to Lupia.)
10297	6	Speak with Lailly (Lupia told you to talk to Lailly.)
10297	-1	[completed]
10301	1	Magmeld Delegation Leader Lada (Speak to Magmeld Delegation Leader Lada who's in the Hunter's Village.)
10301	2	Let's Capture Wisp Alive (You have to call Wisp, a creature of the spirits, and capture it in order to go to Slaski, the Hierarch of the Ancient city Arcan. You can call Wisp if you find a Large Verdant Wild that Wisp likes from nearby the cave located behind the Anghel Waterfall and use the glimmer Crystal. Monster to hunt: Wisp)
10301	3	Let's Meet Hierarch Slaski (You have captured Wisp alive. Go to meet Hierarch Slaski, who can be found in the Ancient City Arcan, through the Teleport Portal. If you enter the cave located behind the Anghel Waterfall, you can go to the Ancient City Arcan.)
10301	-1	[completed]
10302	1	Who Is Josephina? (Kantarubis said he is curious who Josephina is, so he requests you to ask Josephina's companion Izael.)
10302	2	Evaluation on Josephina (Izael says not to call Josephina's name recklessly. She said she will tell you more about Josephina if you find out how others know about Josephina. Ask Cas about Josephina.)
10302	3	Josephina's Fault (Cas is busy counting the number of times that she's going around the Ancient City Arcan, but she informs you that Josephina did something wrong to God. Ask Mr. Kay about more details.)
10302	4	Sealed Josephina (Josephina, who stood against God, failed in the end and became sealed. Ask Kitt about more details.)
10302	5	Josephina's Influence (There is a rumor that strange things are happening in Magmeld because of Josephina. Return to Izael and tell her about things you have found out.)
10302	6	To Kantarubis (I think it's hard to hear any more details from Izael. Return to Kantarubis now.)
10302	-1	[completed]
10303	1	Jonah and the Mysterious Priest (The decaying trace of darkness filled with dark and damp energies, which you could feel from monsters, was an item that Jonah and the Mysterious Priest in the Ancient City Arcan were looking for. Go to see Jonah and the Mysterious Priest, and talk about this.)
10303	-1	[completed]
10304	1	Obtain the Fortuna Map (The Fortuna Map has been obtained. Go and seek out Josephina's Companion Izael in the Ancient City Arcan.)
10304	2	Go to Fortuna (Go to Fortuna and defeat Ron. First, defeat Sobbing Yui, Enraged Master Kinen, Magical Warrior Konyar, Sir Lesyinda of the Black Shadow, Mukshu the Coward, Blind Hornafi, and Yoentumak the Waiter. First, defeat Sobbing Yui.)
10304	3	Defeat Enraged Master Kinen (Sobbing Yui has been defeated. Now, defeat Enraged Master Kinen.)
10304	4	Defeat Magical Warrior Konyar (Enraged Master Kinen has been defeated. Now, defeat Magical Warrior Konyar.)
10304	5	Defeat Sir Lesyinda of the Black Shadow (Magical Warrior Konyar has been defeated. Now, defeat Sir Lesyinda of the Black Shadow.)
10304	6	Defeat Mukshu the Coward and Blind Hornapi (Sir Lesyinda of the Black Shadow has been defeated. Now, defeat Mukshu the Coward and Blind Hornafi.)
10304	7	Defeat Yoentumak the Waiter (Mukshu the Coward and Blind Hornafi have been defeated. Now, defeat Yoentumak the Waiter.)
10304	8	Defeat Ron (Yoentumak the Waiter has been defeated. Now, defeat Ron.)
10304	9	To the Ancient City Arcan (Ron has been defeated. Return to Josephina's Companion Izael in the Ancient City Arcan.)
10304	-1	[completed]
10305	1	Tear the Fairy Cocoon (It says that Fairy Cocoon is a place to lock up fairy citizens who don't follow Kimerian. Get rid of Fairy Cocoons where its numbers are kept increasing. Cocoons can be defeated either by forcefully attacking them or by using Glimmer. Monsters to hunt: Cocoon and Large Cocoon)
10305	2	Mission Complete (You have torn enough numbers of cocoons that you promised Noeti Mimilead. Go back to Noeti Mimilead.)
10305	-1	[completed]
10306	1	Back to Kimerian (Naomi Kasheron has decided to meet the corrupted leader Kimerian face-to-face. Join together to face Kimerian. Monsters to hunt: Kimerian)
10306	2	Kimerian Vanished (Kimerian has vanished. Return to the village and talk to Naomi Kasheron.)
10306	-1	[completed]
10307	1	Kimerian's Real Side (Naomi Kasheron says that you can now face the real Kimerian. Go with Naomi Kasheron to help defeat Kimerian. Monsters to hunt: Kimerian)
10307	2	Josephina and the Decaying Darkness (Kimerian stated the reason why he became corrupted is because of the energy of the Decaying Darkness. Return to tell Naomi Kasheron about the story of the Decaying Darkness and then inform Josephina of her companion Izael.)
10307	3	The Truth behind Kimerian's Corruption (The reason behind Kimerian's corruption is due to Spezion, having been awakened by the Decaying Darkness. Inform the Fairy Hierarch Noeti Mimilead of this news..)
10307	-1	[completed]
10310	1	In the Garden of Genesis (Meet the Cat Clan's Horpina, who can be found in the Garden of Genesis and listen to the story.)
10310	2	Go on the Hunt (Defeat 10 of the following monsters: Garden Sentry, Garden Scout, Garden Commander, Garden Destroyer and the Outdoor Gardener.)
10310	3	Mission Complete (All the requested monsters have been defeated. Return to Horpina.)
10310	-1	[completed]
10311	1	In the Garden of Genesis (Meet Cat Clan's Chief Slaski who's staying in the Ancient City Arcan and listen to his story.)
10311	-1	[completed]
10312	1	Defeat Apherus (Defeat Apherus locked up in the central prison at the Garden of Genesis.)
10312	2	Fallen God's Handiwork (You have succeeded in defeating Apherus. Take this token and return to Horpina at the Garden of Genesis!)
10312	-1	[completed]
10315	1	Looking for Opera (Go to the Prison of Darkness through Gatekeeper Sookie, and go to see Cat Clan's Warrior Opera who can be found inside that place.)
10315	-1	[completed]
10316	1	Defeating Spezion (Defeat Spezion by going into his Subconsciousness. (This quest is only available in Spezion Raid - Normal Mode.))
10316	2	Return to Opera (Return to Opera.)
10316	-1	[completed]
10317	1	Divine Messenger (Cat Clan's Warrior Opera said to go to see Divine Messenger Lydia. Opera said Lydia will be in the Orbis Temple.)
10317	-1	[completed]
10318	1	Scapegoat of Curse (As requested by Divine Messenger Lydia, let's defeat cursed ancient heroes in the Orbis Temple and recover Remains of Curse as evidence. Monsters to hunt: Cursed Orbis' Victim, Cursed Orbis' Guard, Cursed Orbis' Hurler, Cursed Orbis' Curator, Cursed Orbis' Ancient Hero, and Cursed Orbis' Senior Curator)
10318	2	Let's Return to Lydia (You have succeeded in defeating Octavis. Return to Divine Messenger Lydia!)
10318	-1	[completed]
10320	1	Speak with Theodore (Speak with Theodore He can be found in front the fountain in the Central Square of the village.)
10320	-1	[completed]
10321	1	Find Shannon (Theodore said to go to see Shannon who's in charge of training those who wish to become Rangers. Find Shannon in the Training Grounds of the Talking Island Village.)
10321	-1	[completed]
10322	1	Find Evain (Shannon said she will help you get stronger but first you need to pass a test she has set up. Who knows, it could be that Shannon is just wasting your time, but lets see what Evain has in store for us.)
10322	2	Use Your Weapon (I don't like to attack a defenseless scarecrow but at the same time I don't like the way it was looking at me either. Attack a nearby scarecrow with your weapon until there's nothing but hay.)
10322	3	Nothing but Hay (Your foe was a skilled opponent, but the Scarecrow yielded to your superior strength. Return to Evain.)
10322	4	Mysterious Power (Evain said the  Adventurers' Guide for Training will show you the way to become even stranger by acquiring a mysterious power. Speak with the Newbie Helper for Training.)
10322	5	Unleash the Power (You can feel the mysterious power that the Newbie Helper has given you. You should be able to defeat your nemesis, the Training Scarecrow, much faster now. Go ahead, attack the Training Scarecrow.)
10322	6	Speak with Evain (Hmm with this beneficial magic I'm better, stronger, and faster that I was before. Speak with Evain.)
10322	-1	[completed]
10323	1	To Holden (Evain has encouraged you to train some more with Holden. Find him in the training grounds.)
10323	2	Eliminate the Training Golem, Part 1 (Holden wants to test your mettle. Show him what you got. Monsters to hunt: Training Golem)
10323	3	Return to Holden (The Golems are history. Report back to Holden.)
10323	4	Soulshot (Holden gave you some Soulshots! Place them in a shortcut path for automatic use and let him know what you can do.)
10323	5	Spiritshot (Holden gave you some Spiritshots! Place them in a shortcut path for automatic use and let him know what you can do.)
10323	6	Eliminate the Training Golem, Part 2 (Holden wants to see how well you utilize the Soulshots. Show him what you can do against the Training Golemsn now. Monsters to hunt: Training Golem)
10323	7	Eliminate the Training Golem, Part 2 (Holden wants to see how well you utilize the Spiritshots. Show him what you can do against the Training Golemsn now. Monsters to hunt: Training Golem)
10323	8	Return to Holden (Maybe you have proven yourself by now. Talk to Holden about your progress.)
10323	9	To Shannon (Saying his part is done, Holden told you to return to Shannon. Go to the training grounds at the Talking Island Village.)
10323	-1	[completed]
10324	1	Find Magister Gallint (Gallint has been a teacher of skills for a long time and will show you how to learn skills. Gallint can be found near the Administration Office in Talking Island Village.)
10324	-1	[completed]
10325	1	Speak with Gallint (Gallint said you have to learn and use new power in the future. He said he will informs you of the information for becoming stronger.)
10325	2	Find Master Talbot (Speak with Master Talbot, who can be found in front of the Administration Office in the Talking Island Village, and learn about your race.)
10325	3	Find Master Cidnet (Speak with Master Cidnet, who can be found in front of the Administration Office in the Talking Island Village, and learn about your race.)
10325	4	Find Master Black (Speak with Master Black, who can be found in front of the Administration Office in the Talking Island Village, and learn about your race.)
10325	5	Find Prefect Herz (Speak with Prefect Herz, who can be found in front of the Administration Office in the Talking Island Village, and learn about your race.)
10325	6	Find Blacksmith Kincaid (Speak with Blacksmith Kincaid, who can be found in front of the Administration Office in the Talking Island Village, and learn about your race.)
10325	7	Find Master Xonia (Speak with Master Xonia, who can be found in front of the Administration Office, and learn about your race.)
10325	8	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Human race from Master Talbot. Return to Gallint.)
10325	9	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Elf race from Master Cidnet. Return to Gallint.)
10325	10	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Dark Elf race from Master Black. Return to Gallint.)
10325	11	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Orc race from Prefect Herz. Return to Gallint.)
10325	12	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Dwarf race from Blacksmith Kincaid. Return to Gallint.)
10325	13	Return to Magister Gallint (You heard about classes of the Kamael race from Master Xonia. Return to Gallint.)
10325	-1	[completed]
10326	1	Speak to Pantheon (Gallint has a message for the Pantheon and has asked your to deliver his message. The Pantheon can be found in the Museum of the Talking Island Village.)
10326	-1	[completed]
10327	1	The War of Gods and Giants (There is a book called The War of Gods and Giants on one of desks in the museum. Find it before the Thieves do.)
10327	2	Thieves (Those suspicious people turned out to be thieves that appeared at the very moment when you find the book. Defeat all Thieves.)
10327	3	Speak with Pantheon (You have defeated all Thieves. You have to go back to Pantheon and inform him of what happened here. Tell Museum Keeper Toyron that you are going back to the museum lobby.)
10327	-1	[completed]
10328	1	Seal the Evil Fragment (Pantheon asks you to deliver the Evil Fragment to Pa'agrio Lord Kakai before it hatches a monster. See Pa'agrio Lord Kakai at the Administrative Office on Talking Island Village.)
10328	-1	[completed]
10329	1	Looking for Atran (Go to see Atran who's can be found on the way to the Ruins of Ye Sagira from the village.)
10329	-1	[completed]
10330	1	Find Lakcis (Atran says Lakcis, who used to be a scholar, is having difficulties searching the ruins and needs you to go help him.)
10330	-1	[completed]
10331	-6	
10331	-5	
10331	-4	
10331	-3	
10331	-2	
10331	1	Speak with Lakcis (First you need to speak Lakcis and he will inform you about your new task. Go visit Gatekeeper Milia in Talking Island Village to go to the Ruins of Ye Sagira.)
10331	2	Speak with Sebion (Find and speak with Sebion. He can be found in Exploration Zone 5. He will inform you about your next task.)
10331	3	Defeat Nemertess (Go inside the Labyrinth of Belis and defeat Nemertess. When you're ready to go inside, speak with Sebion.)
10331	4	Saril's Necklace (Saril's necklace has been found. Sebion will want to know about this.)
10331	5	Deliver Necklace to Pantheon (Sebion says you should report back to Pantheon and deliver Saril's Necklace to him. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10331	6	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to High Priest Franco.)
10331	7	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to Grand Master Rivian.)
10331	8	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to Grand Master Devon.)
10331	9	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to High Prefect Took.)
10331	10	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to Head Blacksmith Moka.)
10331	11	Verified Seeker (You have proven that you are worthy of becoming a Seeker. Return to Grand Master Valfar.)
10331	-1	[completed]
10332	1	Sakum's Rampage (Problems have been occurring ever since Sakum, who was in the Labyrinth of Belis, moved to Aden continent. Go see Captain Bathis in the Town of Gludio and hear what he has to say. You can teleport to the Town of Gludio through a gatekeeper.)
10332	-1	[completed]
10333	1	To Guard Vent (Captain Bathis asks you to go to see Guard Vent who's investigating the appearance of monsters on Windmill Hill. You can teleport to Windmill Hill through a gatekeeper.)
10333	2	Investigating Windmill Hill (Guard Vent is asking to collect Suspicious Marks from spiders after defeating nearby Langk Lizardmen and Vuku Orc Fighters, so that the investigation can go smoothly. Defeat 7 Langk Lizardmen, 5 Vuku Orc Fighters, and 5 spider types (Poisonous Spider, Venomous Spider, and Poison Predator).  Monsters to hunt - Langk Lizardman, Vuku Orc Fighter, Poisonous Spider, Venomous Spider, and Poison Predator)
10333	3	Complete the Investigation (You have defeated all Langk Lizardmen, Vuku Orc Fighters, and Spider-type Monsters, and collected all suspicious marks as well. Go to see Guard Schunain and report this.)
10333	-1	[completed]
10334	1	Find Captain Bathis (Guard Schunain asks you to report Sakum's whereabouts to Captain Bathis who's in the center of Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10334	-1	[completed]
10335	1	Tracing the Sakum's Location (Find Guard Kallesin who's searching for Sakum in the Ruins of Agony. You can teleport to the Ruins of Agony through a gatekeeper.)
10335	2	Defeat Reckless Monsters (Guard Kallesin is asking to defeat monsters who have gone reckless due to the appearance of Sakum, and then report Guard Zenath about this. Defeat 10 Skeleton Trackers, 10 Skeleton Bowmen, 15 Ruin Spartois, and 15 Ruin Zombies.  Monsters to hunt: Skeleton Tracker, Skeleton Bowman, Ruin Spartoi, and Ruin Zombie)
10335	3	Reckless Monsters Defeated (The reckless monsters requested by Guard Kallesin have been defeated. Report to Guard Zenath.)
10335	-1	[completed]
10336	1	Defeating Kanilov (Travel into the Ruins of Agony and battle Kanilov to its end. You can see his location on the map.)
10336	2	The End of Kanilov (You've defeated the clone of Sakum, Kanilov. Report your feat to Guard Zenath.)
10336	3	Send Word Back to Gludio (Report the success back to the Adventure Guildsman in Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10336	-1	[completed]
10337	1	Speak with Guard Silvan (Sakum has been spotted near Ruins of Despair. Go Speak Guard Silvan. You can teleport to Ruins of Despair through a gatekeeper.)
10337	2	Favor for Silvan (Guard Lef has a sketch of Sakum, but Guard Silvan needs someone to go defeat creatures in the Ruins of Despair before Lef will give the sketch to you. Defeat 10 Skeleton Warriors, 20 Ruin Imps, and 25 Bats.  Monsters to hunt: Skeleton Warrior, Ruin Imp, Ruin Imp Elder, Scavenger Bat, and Ruin Bat)
10337	3	Speak with Guard Lef (You have defeated all monsters that Guard Silvan told you. Go see Guard Lef about getting that sketch of Sakum.)
10337	-1	[completed]
10338	1	Speak with Hadel (Giant's Minion Cellphine asks you to go to see Hadel who's guarding the entrance to where her master is being held. Hadel is in the Exploration Zone 1 of Ruins of Ye Sagira.)
10338	2	Defeat Harnak's Wraith (Giant's Minion Hadel asks you to release the soul of Hermuncus by defeating Harnak's Wraith located deep in the Disconnected Labyrinth. Monster to hunt: Harnak's Wraith)
10338	3	Speak with Hermuncus (You have defeated the Harnak's Wraith. Speak to Hermuncus.)
10338	-1	[completed]
10339	1	Meeting Hadel (Theodore of Talking Island Village has suggested that you go to the Ruins of Ye Sagira Sector 1 to meet Giant's Minion Hadel.)
10339	2	Eliminating the Ancient Ghosts (Giant's Minion Hadel has asked you to fight off the ancient ghosts without getting hurt.  Monsters to Hunt:  1st & 2nd Floor - Weiss Khan, Weiss Ele, Bamonti, Krakia Bathus, Rakzan, Krakia Lotus 3rd Floor - Noctum, Seknus, Krakia Carcass)
10339	3	Ancient Ghosts Eliminated (You have eliminated the ancient ghosts in Harnak Underground Ruins. Return to Hadel.)
10339	-1	[completed]
10341	1	To the Quartermaster (High Priest Orven of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10341	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10341	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10341	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10341	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10341	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10341	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10341	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10341	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10341	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10341	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10341	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10341	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to High Priest Orven. Speak with Orven in Aden to receive your new power.)
10341	-1	[completed]
10342	1	To the Quartermaster (Grand Magister Winonin of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10342	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10342	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10342	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10342	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10342	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10342	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10342	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10342	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10342	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you can acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10342	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10342	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10342	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to Grand Magister Winonin. Speak with Winonin in Aden to receive your new power.)
10342	-1	[completed]
10343	1	To the Quartermaster (Head Master Oltran of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10343	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10343	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10343	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10343	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10343	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10343	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10343	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10343	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10343	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10343	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10343	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10343	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to Grand Master Oltran. Speak with Oltran in Aden to receive your new power.)
10343	-1	[completed]
10344	1	To the Quartermaster (High Prefect Ladanza of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10344	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10344	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10344	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10344	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10344	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10344	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10344	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10344	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10344	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10344	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10344	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10344	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to High Prefect Ladanza. Speak with Ladanza in Aden to receive your new power.)
10344	-1	[completed]
10345	1	To the Quartermaster (Head Blacksmith Ferris of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10345	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10345	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10345	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10345	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10345	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10345	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10345	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10345	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10345	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10345	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10345	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10345	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to Head Blacksmith Ferris. Speak with Ferris in Aden to receive your new power.)
10345	-1	[completed]
10346	1	To the Quartermaster (Grand Master Brome of the Town of Aden hasn't heard anything from Aden Vanguard task force that was sent to the Evil Incubator. Find the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster located near The Cemetary.)
10346	2	Vanguard Dog Tags (Recover 4 Dog Tags from the fallen Vanguard soldiers in the Cemetary. Begin your search around the center fountain, angel statue and stone tower.)
10346	3	Dog Tags Retrieved (Return these items to the Aden Vanguard Quartermaster who will deliver them to the victims families.)
10346	4	To the Evil Incubator (Find the Aden Vanguard Member standing guard outside the Cemetary. Speak with them and they will help you find the Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10346	5	Aden Vanguard (You're now inside the Evil Incubator. Speak with Aden Vanguard Captain Adolph.)
10346	6	Choose Wisely (You need to pick two Vanguard members to follow you and Adolph into battle. Speak to each Vanguard Member and select only 2 that can assist you. All decisions are final, so choose wisely.)
10346	7	Team Selected (You have completed selecting your team that will help you combat against Shilen's creatures. Speak with Captain Adolph when you are ready.)
10346	8	Battle in the Evil Incubator (Defeat all waves of Resurrected creatures.)
10346	9	Calm before the Storm (You have successfully defended yourself from the waves of resurrected creatures. It looks like they have stopped their attack for now. You should speak with Captain Adolph.)
10346	10	Cry of Destiny (You have received the Cry of Destiny Ring from Adolph. When equipped, you acquire Item Skills that you can use in battle. When you are ready, speak with Adolph again.)
10346	11	Finish the Fight (Shilen's evil creatures have regrouped and have begun attacking again. Defeat enough of them to bait Death Wound out. Once he is defeated Shilen's resurrected creatures won't stand a chance.)
10346	12	Victorious (Death Wound was wounded and is now just plain dead. Shilen's creatures have begun retreating and those who remain are being defeated by the Vanguard. Speak with Captain Adolph)
10346	13	New Power (The Aden Vanguard is now able to handle things within the Evil Incubator. Captain Adolph appreciates the help and has given you a Scroll of Escape to use to return to Grand Master Brome. Speak with Brome in Aden to receive your new power.)
10346	-1	[completed]
10351	1	Defeating Betrayer Octavis (We were able to hear the whole story of the incident occurred in Magmeld from Divine Messenger Lydia in the Orbis Temple. Get the last solution by defeating Octavis.)
10351	2	Let's Return to Lydia (You have succeeded in defeating Octavis. Return to Divine Messenger Lydia in the Orbis Temple!)
10351	-1	[completed]
10352	1	Krasis Rising (Rieyi, who introduced herself as a member of Krasis, gave you an offer to help out Krasis. Go find Linkes, who can be found in the entrance of Cruma Tower, to find out what they have in mind for you.)
10352	2	Hidden Cruma Device (Use the Relic Detector to locate and disable the cloaking device on the Hidden Cruma Device which will lead you to Mertes.)
10352	3	Find Mertes (The Relic Detector has found the Hidden Cruma Device. Use the device to teleport to Mertes (Can only be performed while in a group).)
10352	4	Destroy Mertes (You have moved to a secret location of the Cruma Tower. Defeat Mertes and obtain the Mertes Core. Monsters to hunt: Mertes)
10352	5	Speak to Linkes (You have destroyed Mertes and acquired the Mertes Core. Return the Mertes Core and any unused Relic Detectors to Linkes. You might be able to use the space-time teleport Mertes uses to teleport out of this area.)
10352	-1	[completed]
10353	1	Krasis Task (While in Kamaloka, Krasis Agent Rieyi appeared to ask you to assist Krasis with a task. Krasis Agent Kyuori, who can be found at the entrance of the Tower of Insolence, has details on completing this mission.)
10353	2	Unruly Guests (Kyuori needs you to remove some of the creatures inhabiting the Tower of Insolence. Monsters to hunt: Exhausted Vengeful Spirit, Wings of Viciousness, Byron's Knight, Terestian, Drill Demon, Knight's Vengeful Spirit, Royal Guard Knight Vengeful Spirit, Byron's Priest, Evil Shadow, Brutal Warrior, Dark Knight, Priest of Darkness, Vampire Queen, Bonehead Slave, Platinum Tribe Soldier, Platinum Tribe Archer, Platinum Tribe Warrior, Platinum Tribe Shaman, Platinum Tribe Overlord, Heaven's Palace Knight, Heaven's Palace Fighter, Heaven's Palace Terminator, Heaven's Palace Priest, Heaven's Palace Judge, Heaven's Palace Sniper, Slaughter Bathin, Bathin's Knight, Bathin's Wizard, Elmoreden's Lady, Elmoreden's Archer Escort, Elmoreden's Maid, Elmoreden's Guardian Warrior, Binder, Bound Warrior, Bound Archer, Heaven's Palace Seraphim, and Heaven's Palace Seraphim Escort)
10353	3	Return to Kyuori (And on that last note, the final creature is dead. Return to Kyuori to claim your reward.)
10353	-1	[completed]
10354	1	Defeating Betrayer Octavis Again (Defeat Octavis again in the epic mode as requested by the Divine Messenger Lydia.)
10354	2	Let's Return to Lydia (You have succeeded in defeating Octavis once more. Return to Divine Messenger Lydia!)
10354	-1	[completed]
10357	1	To the Altar of Shilen (After completing the extermination mission of the multitude of evil spirits arising from the Seal of Shilen, enter the Altar of Shilen through the swirling dimensional door and speak with Elcadia.)
10357	2	Stop the Altar (Enter the Altar of Shilen through the swirling dimensional door. In the lowest level, defeat the two high disciples of Embryo, Grand Priest of Blood Melisse and Grand Magus of Greed Isadora. Monsters to hunt: Grand Priest of Blood Melisse, Grand Magus of Greed Isadora)
10357	3	To the Town of Aden (Return to Agent Georgio in the Town of Aden.)
10357	-1	[completed]
10358	1	Enraged Monsters (Guard Lef needs you to defeat Aggressive Zombie Warriors and Veelan Bugbear Warriors until the location of Poslof can be found. Monsters to hunt: Zombie Warrior and Veelan Bugbear Warrior.)
10358	2	Monsters De-Raged (You have defeated all Aggressive Zombie Warriors and Veelan Bugbear Warriors. Return to Guard Lef.)
10358	3	Defeat Poslof (It says that Poslof only appears in a certain location. Find Poslof in the ruined house lot and defeat him. You can find his location on the map. Monsters to hunt: Poslof)
10358	4	Deliver Sakum's Sketch (Poslof, the other self spilt out by Sakum, has been defeated. Deliver Sakum's composite sketch to an Adventure Guildsman in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10358	-1	[completed]
10359	-8	
10359	-7	
10359	-6	
10359	-5	
10359	-4	
10359	-3	
10359	-2	
10359	1	Let's Go to Fred (It says that an Adventure Guildsman in the Town of Gludio received a message that Sakum is appearing in the Wasteland. Go to Guard Fred in the entrance of Wasteland and listen to his story. You can teleport to the Wasteland through a Gatekeeper.)
10359	2	Enraged Monsters (Monsters where Sakum has appeared look different than before. It says that suspicious fragments are coming out from monsters in the Wasteland. Defeat monsters in the Wasteland and collect suspicious fragments. Monsters to hunt: Monster Eye Watcher, Lesser Basilisk, Basilisk, Skeleton Marauder, Granite Golem, Sahara, and Tyrant)
10359	3	Completion of Collecting Suspicious Fragments (Suspicious fragments have been collected from monsters in the Wasteland. Return to Guard Fred.)
10359	4	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to High Priest Raymond in the Einhasad Temple of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	5	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Grand Master Rains in the Warrior Guild of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	6	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Grand Master Tobias in the Dark Elf Guild of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	7	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to High Prefect Drikus in the Orc Guild of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	8	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Head Blacksmith Mendio in the Blacksmith Workshop of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	9	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Grand Master Gershwin in the Kamael Guild of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	10	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Grand Master Ellenia in the Warrior Guild of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	11	Reporting the Situation in the Wasteland (Sakum's scales have been found from monsters in the Wasteland. Report this fact to Grand Magister Esrandell in the Einhasad Temple of the Town of Gludio and ask him to find a right man to defeat Sakum.)
10359	-1	[completed]
10360	-8	
10360	-7	
10360	-6	
10360	-5	
10360	-4	
10360	-3	
10360	-2	
10360	1	Find Renfad (Reports say that Sakum is currently heading towards Dion. However, Sakum is currently in the Wasteland and is being tracked by several guards. Travel to the Wasteland and speak with Renfad.)
10360	2	Defeat Kanilov (Guard Renfad says that you need to find Guard Joel who was sent to track and kill the Regenerated Kanilov. Monster to hunt: Regenerated Kanilov)
10360	3	Kanilov Defeated (You have defeated the Kanilov created from Sakum. Speak with Guard Joel.)
10360	4	Defeat Poslof (Guard Joel wants you to find Guard Schuazen who is currently in the Wastelands attempting to defeat Poslof. Monster to hunt: Regenerated Poslof)
10360	5	Poslof Defeated (You have defeated Regenerated Poslof. Speak with Guard Schuazen.)
10360	6	Defeat Sakum (Guard Schuazen needs you to find Guard Selon, who's found Selon and is currently fighting it. Monster to hunt: Sakum)
10360	7	Sakum Defeated (You have defeated Sakum and obtained the Shine Stone. Return to Guard Selon.)
10360	8	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Grand Master Rains in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	9	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to High Priest Raymond in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	10	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Grand Master Ellenia in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	11	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Magister Esrandell in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	12	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Grand Master Tobias in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	13	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to High Prefect Drikus in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	14	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Head Blacksmith Mendio in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	15	Deliver the Shine Stone (The heart of Sakum was a Shine Stone, a power found only in the time of the Giants. Deliver this to Grand Master Gershwin in the Town of Gludio. You can teleport to the town using a Scroll of Escape or a Teleport Device.)
10360	-1	[completed]
10361	1	Searching for Chesha (Lakcis wants you to pass on a message to Chesha. Find Chesha in the Ruins of Ye Sagira, Exploration Zone 1. Use the Ye Sagira Teleport Devices to teleport to the Ruins and teleport between Exploration Zones.)
10361	-1	[completed]
10362	1	Will of a Seeker (A Ranger never lets emotion get in the way of completing their task. Defeat 10 Husk Stalkers and 5 Husk Crawlers. Monsters to hunt: Husk Stalker and Husk Crawler)
10362	2	Report to Chesha (You have completed the task Chesha sent you on you did not let emotions get in the way of defeating the dead villagers infected by the Evil Fragment.)
10362	3	Help Nagel (Nagel said he's having some difficulties working as a seeker. Find Nagel who's in the 2nd Exploration Zone. Use a Red Ye Sagira Teleport Device to get there.)
10362	-1	[completed]
10363	1	Mourning the Lost (As Nagel says he can hear the cries of victims killed in the Ruins of Ye Sagira, he asks you to mourn these victims. Find 5 corpses and mourn for them. (After selecting a corpse, you can just choose Sorrow from Action (Alt+ C).) Do not laugh or dance... the dead don't like to be provoked.)
10363	2	First Corpse (One corpse has been found and mourned for.)
10363	3	Second Corpse (Another corpse found and mourned for. You wonder if this person had a family, if so what they must have been thinking during their last few moments alive.)
10363	4	Third Corpse (Another corpse found, and mourned. Hopefully this will bring piece to the souls who have found none.)
10363	5	Fourth Corpse (Another corpse found, and mourned. You feel sympathy for the victims.)
10363	6	Fifth Corpse (Found 5 corpses and mourned their death. Your kind act should give those souls the piece they need so their cries may end. Find Nagel.)
10363	7	Nagel's Message (Celin has been worried over the difficulties Nagel has experienced. Find Celin and tell her about Nagel. Use the Red Ye Sagira Teleport Device to go to the 3rd Exploration Zone.)
10363	-1	[completed]
10364	1	Uppity Walter (A fellow seeker doesn't have to be your best friend, but when your life is on the line, you better be able to work with the one next to you. It appears that Walter has a problem with Def. Speak to Walter to see if you can find out how to resolve this problem.)
10364	2	Paper Collection (Walter is frustrated as he does not know why Def is angry at him. Walter mentioned that some old papers around here might help Def open up. Collect the old papers and find Def in the 4th Exploration Zone. Monsters to hunt: Husk Krapher and Husk Avian)
10364	3	Dirty Paper Pieces (You don't know what exactly is on the piece of paper, but they are old and torn. Take the paper pieces and go to Dep, who can be found in the 4th exploration zone, by using the Red Ye Sagira Teleport Device.)
10364	-1	[completed]
10365	1	Follow King to Sebion (Def knows that Sebion can keep King safe and needs someone to follow King to make sure he doesn't get hurt on his journey. Follow King to Sebion.)
10365	2	King Safe and Sound (King made to it to Sebion with your protection. Talk to Sebion.)
10365	-1	[completed]
10366	-6	
10366	-5	
10366	-4	
10366	-3	
10366	-2	
10366	1	Sebion's Report (Sebion said that the situation in the ruins has calm down and must be reported to your race master in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	2	Report to High Priest Franco (Find High Priest Franco who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	3	Report to Grand Master Rivian (Find Grand Master Rivian who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	4	Report to Grand Magister Devon (Find Grand Magister Devon who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	5	Report to High Prefect Took (Find High Prefect Took who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	6	Report to Head Blacksmith Moka (Find Head Blacksmith Moka who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	7	Report to Grand Master Valfar (Find Grand Master Valfar who can be found in the Administrative Office in Talking Island Village. You can teleport to the village using a Scroll of Escape.)
10366	-1	[completed]
10368	1	Defeating Enraged Monsters (Guard Fred is asking to defeat enraged Weary Jaguar, Weary Jaguar Scout, Ant Soldier, and Ant Warrior Captain. Defeat 10 Weary Jaguars, 15 Weary Jaguar Scouts, 15 Ant Soldiers, and 20 Ant Warrior Captains.  Monsters to hunt: Weary Jaguar, Weary Jaguar Scout, Ant Soldier, and Ant Warrior Captain)
10368	2	Completion of Defeating Monsters (Enraged Weary Jaguar, Weary Jaguar Scout, Ant Soldier, Ant Warrior Captain have been all defeated. Return and report to Guard Fred.)
10368	-1	[completed]
10369	1	Whereabouts of the Prophecy - 1 (You saw all the images about the prophecy. Go back to Goddard Castle and speak with Priest Cerenas.)
10369	2	Whereabouts of the Prophecy - 2 (Priest Cerenas in the Town of Goddard tells you to go to the Hot Springs nearby, defeat the One Who Eats Prophecies, and bring back the Novella Prophecy. To hunt - One Who Eats Prophecies)
10369	3	Priest Cerenas (You defeated the One Who Eats Prophecies and gathered the Novella Prophecy. Return to Priest Cerenas in the Town of Goddard.)
10369	4	Whereabouts of the Prophecy - 3 (You saw the images about the prophecy that could not be seen before. Go back to Goddard Castle and speak with Priest Cerenas.)
10369	5	The Goddess' Calling (Go to Eva's Hidden Space through Priest Cerenas in the Town of Goddard. Meet Eva's Avatar there.)
10369	6	Purification of Water, First Ingredient (Eva's Avatar gives you the mission to purify water. First, you must obtain hot spring water, which is the first ingredient for the water purifying weapon. Go to the hot springs near Goddard Castle and collect hot springs water in some Empty Hot Springs Water Bottle. However, you can only collect the hot spring water by double clicking on the empty bottle in the green hot spring.)
10369	7	Mission Complete, Summon Lanya with the Summoning Stone - 1 (You obtained the first ingredient. Double click on the Summoning Stone to summon Eva's Spirit Lanya. Deliver the Hot Springs Water Bottles to Eva's Spirit Lanya.)
10369	8	Purification of Water, Second Ingredient (Eva's Spirit Lanya gave you the next water purification mission. This time, obtain 10 Durable Leathers, which is the second ingredient for the water purifying weapon. Hunt monsters in the hot springs area near Goddard Castle to obtain the Durable Leather. To hunt - Hot Springs Yeti, Hot Springs Bandersnatch, Hot Springs Grendel)
10369	9	Mission Complete, Summon Lanya with the Summoning Stone - 2 (You collected all 10 Durable Leathers for the second ingredient. Double click on the Summoning Stone to summon Eva's Spirit Lanya. Deliver the 10 Durable Leathers to Eva's Spirit Lanya.)
10369	10	Purification of Water, Third Ingredient (Eva's Spirit Lanya gave you the next water purification mission. This time, obtain 5 energy of fire, which is the third ingredient for the water purifying weapon. Click on the flame flower in the Forge of the Gods. Double click the trowel to obtain the energy of fire.)
10369	11	Mission Complete, Summon Lanya with the Summoning Stone - 3 (You collected all 5 Flame Flowers for the third ingredient. Double click on the Summoning Stone to summon Eva's Spirit Lanya. Deliver the 5 Flame Flowers to Eva's Spirit Lanya.)
10369	12	Purification of Water, Fourth Ingredient (Eva's Spirit Lanya gave you the next water purification mission. Now, obtain 10 Hard Fossils Containing Energy of Water, which is the fourth ingredient for the water purifying weapon Hunt the monsters on the Isle of Prayer in Innadril to collect 10 Hard Fossils Containing Energy of Water. To hunt - Seychelles, Naiad, Sonneratia, Castalia, Chrysocolla, Pitia)
10369	13	Mission Complete, Summon Lanya with the Summoning Stone - 4 (You collected all the Hard Fossils Containing Energy of Water for the fourth ingredient. Double click on the Summoning Stone to summon Eva's Spirit Lanya. Deliver the 10 Hard Fossils Containing Energy of Water to Eva's Spirit Lanya.)
10369	14	To Cerenas (You must enter the hidden room of Eva's Avatar. Talk to Priest Cerenas in the Town of Goddard.)
10369	15	Deliver Ingredients for the Water Purifying Weapon (Enter the hidden room of Eva's Avatar. Deliver the sack containing the ingredients to Eva's Avatar.)
10369	16	Soul Testing (Eva's Avatar gave you a mission to test the strength of your soul. It tells you to plant a Helping Seed in the special region of Aden Castle or Rune Castle containing green-colored mist. If you plant the Helping Seed, the area will be purified, and you will obtain Ashes of Remnants.)
10369	17	To Cerenas (You collected all the Ashes of Remnants. You must enter the hidden room of Eva's Avatar. Enter through Priest Cerenas. First, go to him.)
10369	18	Deliver Ashes of Remnants (Enter the hidden room of Eva's Avatar. Deliver the Ashes of Remnants to Eva's Avatar.)
10369	-1	[completed]
10370	1	Menacing Origins (There are reports that creatures created by Shilen are threatening to invade Goddard. You have been instructed to travel to Goddard and speak with Captain Andrei and warm him about the impending attack.)
10370	2	Find the Reconnaissance Team (After being warned about what happened in Aden Captain Andrei says that he will alert his superiors. Also, an reconnaissance team was recently dispatched to the Shrine of Loyalty to research the strange activity that has recently arisen. Andrei said you should be able to locate Elmorean scholar Gerkenshtein who is part of the reconnaissance team.)
10370	3	Ash Collection (Gerkenshtein has a theory about these strange new event but requires some additional investigation. Defeat the monsters in the Shrine of Loyalty and collect their Remnant Ashes. Monsters To hunt - Scavenger Scarabs, Scavenger Ants, Shrine Knights)
10370	4	Return to Gerkenshtein (You have collected all the Remnant Ash Gerkenshtein requires. Return back and speak with him.)
10370	-1	[completed]
10371	1	Succubus Hunt (Gerkenshtein needs you to hunt down the creatures he suspects are under Shilen's Influence. Monsters To hunt - Succubus Soldier, Succubus Warrior, Succubus Archer, Succubus Shaman, Bloody Succubus)
10371	2	Mission Complete (After defeating a Bloody Succubus you acquired sudden surge of power. You should probably go visit Gerkenshtein and inform him about this.)
10371	-1	[completed]
10372	1	Succubus Essence (To prove that the creatures in the Shrine of Loyalty are from Shilen, Gerkenshtein needs the Essence from the Bloody Succubus to confirm this suspicion. Monsters to hunt - Bloody Succubus)
10372	2	Deliver the Succubus Essence (You collected all the Succubus Essences. Return to Gerkenshtein)
10372	3	Deliver the Report (Gerkenshtein confirmed that the creatures do indeed harness power given to them by Shilen. He needs someone to deliver this news to Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard.)
10372	-1	[completed]
10374	1	To the Saint of Light Agnes (Seek out the Saint of Light Agnes in the Town of Goddard and speak with her.)
10374	2	Find Vice Hierarch Zenya (Find the wandering Kamael Vice Hierarch Zenya, who is waiting for help at the entrance to the Imperial Tomb, and initiate conversation.)
10374	3	Defeat the Succubus Monsters (Enter the imperial Tomb and defeat the Succubus monsters. To hunt - Phantom Warrior, Phantom Archer, Phantom Shaman, Phantom Soldier, Phantom Martyr)
10374	4	To Vice Hierarch Zenya (Return to the entrance of the Imperial Tomb and inform Vice Hierarch Zenya that you defeated the monsters.)
10374	-1	[completed]
10375	1	Defeat the Succubus Disciples - 1 (Vice Hierarch Zenya asks you to enter the Imperial Tomb and defeat the Succubus Disciples. To hunt - Succubus of Death, Succubus of Darkness)
10375	2	To Vice Hierarch Zenya (You defeated the Succubus Disciples. Return to the entrance of the Imperial Tomb and report to Vice Hierarch Zenya.)
10375	3	Defeat the Succubus Disciples - 2 (Vice Hierarch Zenya asks you to enter the Imperial Tomb and defeat the Succubus Disciples. To hunt - Succubus of Lunacy, Succubus of Silence)
10375	4	Go back to Vice Hierarch Zenya (You again defeated the Succubus Disciples. Return to the entrance of the Imperial Tomb and report to Vice Hierarch Zenya.)
10375	-1	[completed]
10376	1	To Vice Hierarch Casca (Vice Hierarch Zenya asks you to go to Vice Hierarch Casca and help drive out the Blood Thirst. Find Vice Hierarch Casca who is waiting inside the Imperial Tomb and speak with him.)
10376	2	To the Blood Thirst's Hideout (Vice Hierarch Casca asks you to go with him and to defeat the Blood Thirst. Speak with him and enter the Blood Thirst's Hideout.)
10376	3	Defeat the Blood Thirst (Defeat the Blood Thirst that has appeared.  To hunt - Blood Thirst)
10376	4	To Vice Hierarch Casca (The Blood Thirst has fallen! Speak with Vice Hierarch Casca.)
10376	5	To the Saint of Light Agnes (Vice Hierarch Casca asks you to deliver greetings to the Saint of Light Agnes. Seek out the Saint of Light Agnes in the Town of Goddard and speak with her.)
10376	6	To Captain Andrei (The Saint of Light Agnes asks you to report back to Captain Andrei and to tell him everything that has transpired. Seek out Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard and speak with him.)
10376	-1	[completed]
10377	1	The Disaster in Dion (High Priest Sylvain in the Town of Dion asks you to investigate the changes at the Execution Grounds. Go to Guard Harlan in the Town of Dion for the exact details.)
10377	2	Guillotine Fortress Watchmen (Guard Harlan in the Town of Dion says that the Execution Grounds have been renamed as the Guillotine Fortress. The "Guillotine of Death," which has been affected by the blood of Shilen, has gathered the undead here and has changed it into its fortress. Go to the Guillotine Fortress Watchman Roderik to receive the actual mission.)
10377	3	Guillotine Fortress Scouting - 1 (Guillotine Fortress Watchman Roderik cannot patrol the changed area, so he is having trouble preparing countermeasures to the Guillotine Fortress. Obtain information about the Guillotine Fortress by patrolling the area. Go and inform Guillotine Fortress Watchman  Endrigo. First, patrol the area of the Tombstone of Houpon the Warden Oversee.)
10377	4	Guillotine Fortress Scouting - 2 (You completed patrolling the area of the Tombstone of Houpon the Warden Overseer. Now, patrol the area of the Tombstone of Crook the Mad.)
10377	5	Guillotine Fortress Scouting - 3 (You completed patrolling the area of the Tombstone of Crook the Mad. Now, patrol the area of the Tombstone of the Guillotine of Death.)
10377	6	Patrol Complete (You completed patrolling the area of the Tombstone of the Guillotine of Death. This completes the patrol of the Guillotine Fortress area as requested by Guillotine Fortress Watchman Roderik. Return and report to Endrigo.)
10377	-1	[completed]
10378	1	Collect Mandragoras (Dadphyna of the Guillotine Fortress says that she came to investigate the strange changes to the Mandragoras. Collect Mandragora stems and roots to help her investigation. To hunt - Mandragora of Joy and Sorrow, Mandragora of Prayer)
10378	2	Return to Dadphyna (You collected all the Mandragora stems and roots. Bring them back to Dadphyna in the Guillotine Fortress.)
10378	-1	[completed]
10379	1	Summon the Executioner (Guillotine Fortress Watchman Endrigo explains that you must capture the Scaldisect the Furious. Defeat the Scaldisect the Furious. To hunt - Scaldisect the Furious)
10379	2	Executioner's Defeat (You called forth the Scaldisect the Furious. Defeat and punish the Scaldisect the Furious that carried out the surprise attack.)
10379	3	Report to Endrigo (You succeeded in defeating the Scaldisect the Furious. Report back to Guillotine Fortress Watchman Endrigo. You can also go back and report to the Guillotine Fortress Watchman Assistant.)
10379	-1	[completed]
10380	1	Executioner's Defeat (Guillotine Fortress Watchman Endrigo explains that you must capture the Guillotine of Death. Defeat the Guillotine of Death. To hunt - Guillotine of Death)
10380	2	Report to Endrigo (You succeeded in defeating the Guillotine of Death. Report back to Guillotine Fortress Watchman Endrigo. You can also go back and report to the Guillotine Fortress Watchman Assistant.)
10380	-1	[completed]
10381	1	To Commander Kbaldir (Go and speak with Commander Kbaldir in the Keucereus Alliance Base.)
10381	2	To Sizrak (Go to Sizrak in the Seed of Hellfire and deliver Kbaldir's letter. You can reach the Seed of Hellfire by using the Flight Device in the Keucereus Alliance Base.)
10381	-1	[completed]
10382	1	Defeat Tauti (Sizrak asks you to go to Tauti's Temple and defeat Tauti. To hunt - Tauti)
10382	2	To Sizrak (You defeated Tauti! Speak with Sizrak.)
10382	-1	[completed]
10383	1	To Fergason (Sizrak tells you to go and find Fergason, who helped the Resistance.)
10383	2	Collect Unstable Petra (Fergason tells you to collect Unstable Petra and to go find Aku. To hunt - Beggar Zofan, Zofan, Young Zofan, Engineer Zofan)
10383	3	To Aku (You collected the Petras but they seen unstable. Deliver them to Aku anyway.)
10383	-1	[completed]
10384	1	To Aku (Fergason asks you to obtain Tauti's Fragment. In order to have an audience with Tauti, first speak with Aku in the Seed of Hellfire.)
10384	2	Collect Tauti's Fragments (After collecting enough Aku's Marks, tell Aku that you would like an audience with Tauti. Then, go and find Tauti. You can obtain Tauti's Fragment after defeating Tauti. To hunt - Tauti)
10384	3	To Fergason (Deliver Tauti's Fragment to Fergason.)
10384	-1	[completed]
10385	1	To Eva's Temple (You have received the letter entrusted by the Mysterious Dark Knight, and must now find the Clearest Water. Go to Eva's Temple in Heine and talk to High Priestess Morelyn.)
10385	2	To the Garden of Eva (Perhaps you may find the Clearest Water uncontaminated by the rain of blood in the innermost depths of the Garden of Eva. Try talking to Eva's Spirit Lanya at the entrance to the Garden of Eva.)
10385	3	A Polite Request (Eva's Spirit Lanya is unwilling to grant your request unless you ask politely. (Press Alt+ C to give Lanya a formal greeting.))
10385	4	Repeat the Request (Try talking with Eva's Spirit Lanya again now that you have asked politely.)
10385	5	To Heine Water Source (You must climb the central hill in order to get to the innermost depths of Heine. Climb the hill without provoking Eva's Spirit Niniel.)
10385	6	Lady of the Lake (You have been teleported to a lake after collecting water from the Heine Water Source. Try talking with the Lady of the Lake.)
10385	7	A Place Untouched by Shilen's Moon (The water given by the Lady of the Lake turned out to be the Clearest Water. Put aside the curiosity for her identity for now, and go to Arms of Timiniel in Magmeld, the only place where Shilen's moon does not rise. (Enter Anghel Waterfall to go to Ancient City Arcan, and talk to the Gatekeeper Sookie there to reach Arms of Timiniel.))
10385	8	To the Valley of Saints (Nerupa tells you to find Enfeux if you are interested in the Purest Soul. Go to the Valley of Saints to find Enfeux. (You can reach the Valley of Saints through Rune Township.))
10385	9	Gem Instilled with a Pure Soul (You have found the gem instilled with the Purest Soul from Enfeux in the Valley of Saints. Return to the Town of Rune and find High Priest Innocentin in a hidden library-like area inside the temple.)
10385	10	In Search of the Fiercest Flame (As High Priest Innocentin refuses to tell you more of the Mysterious Dark Knight, head over to Blacksmith Vulcan at the Forge of the Gods for help finding the Fiercest Flame. (You can reach the Forge of the Gods from the Town of Goddard.))
10385	11	Mimir's Elixir (You must go to the Ivory Tower to make Mimir's Elixir as requested by Vulcan. Go to the marketplace on the underground floor of Ivory Tower in search of an Alchemist's Mixing Urn. (You can reach Ivory Tower through the Town of Oren.))
10385	12	Missing Materials (All the materials are missing, and you also failed to acquire Mimir's Elixir. Try asking Magic Trader Wesley out back to send you to Vulcan for now.)
10385	13	Failure to Craft Mimir's Elixir (Go to Vulcan, the Blacksmith of Flame, and deliver the news of your failure to create Mimir's Elixir.)
10385	14	The Deserted Dwarven House (Now that you have acquired the Fiercest Flame and the Fondest Heart, you have gathered everything mentioned in the Mysterious Letter. Go to the Dwarven Village to bury the Fondest Heart.)
10385	15	The Shuttered Pa'agrio Temple (You have buried the Fondest Heart in the Deserted Dwarven House. Now go to the Pa'agrio Temple in the Orc Village to put up the Fiercest Flame.)
10385	16	Altar of Shilen (You have put up the Fiercest Flame in front of the Pa'agrio Temple. Now go to the Altar of Shilen near the Dark Elf Village to shed the Brightest Light.)
10385	17	The Demolished Cave of Souls (You have successfully defeated Shilen's Messenger after shedding the Brightest Light upon the Altar of Shilen. Now go to the Cave of Souls near the Kamael Village and send off the Purest Soul.)
10385	18	The Wilted Mother Tree (You have sent off the Purest Soul in front of the Cave of Souls. Now go to the Elven Village to water the Mother Tree with the Clearest Water.)
10385	19	The Place of Fondest Memories (You have been teleported somewhere after watering the Mother Tree in the Elven Village with the Clearest Water. Try talking to Darin and Roxxy.)
10385	20	To High Priest Biotin (Try talking to High Priest Biotin as mentioned by Darin and Roxxy.)
10385	21	The Truth is Shunned (Even High Priest Biotin did not believe your story about the future. Leave the temple for now.)
10385	22	Red Thread of Fate (You have returned to the Talking Island Village in the present. The Mysterious Dark Knight claims to have fulfilled his duties entwined with the Red Thread of Fate, and tells you to return to the one to whom the letter was entrusted. Return to Raina, the Subclass/Dual Class Master.)
10385	-1	[completed]
10386	1	Deliver the Vaccine Box (Ashamed of how the honor of the Dwarves has plummeted due to Dr. Chaos, Head Blacksmith Tapoy of the Black Anvil Guild has asked you to deliver the Vaccine Box. Whatever it may contain, indulge him and take it to Hesed of the Black Anvil Guild.)
10386	2	To the Seal Watchman (It would have been nice to hear more about Nornil and the emergence of Spicula on the Isle of Souls from Hesed, but deliver the Vaccine Box to the Seal Watchman as requested by Hesed for now.)
10386	3	Nornil's Identity (The dwarves are all tight-lipped about Nornil. You feel used because of the vaccine delivery, but they do say you may learn about Nornil from Verna. Go to Stronghold III.)
10386	4	Back to the Harbor (Verna seemed informative on the subject of Mother Nornil, but was silent regarding the secret of the birth of the Kamael. Return to the Isle of Souls Harbor and go to Hesed of the Black Anvil Guild. (You can use a Sayune to go to the Isle of Souls Harbor.))
10386	-1	[completed]
10387	1	Verna's Summons (Verna, your former acquaintance, has requested your presence through Hesed of the Black Anvil Guild. Go to Stronghold III to visit.)
10387	2	Spicula Zero (Verna has requested that you eliminate Spicula Zero in Nornil's Garden. Apparently you can reach Nornil's Garden by using the Boz Core in the deepest part of Nornil's Cave.)
10387	3	Mother Nornil and Spicula Zero (You have eliminated Spicula Zero as requested. Return to Verna.)
10387	-1	[completed]
10388	1	To Kargos (Priest Eliyah of Rune Township's Mystic Guild is concerned about the changes in the Pagan Temple, and recommends that you talk to someone who is fortunately able to help.)
10388	2	Kargos' Messenger (Knight Captain Kargos in Rune Township recommends that you  meet Kitchen, his subordinate knight in disguise, in the Pagan Temple.)
10388	3	To a More Secret Place (Kitchen says you need to go further in from the entrance area to meet Razen, the Priestess of Light. You will need a Visitor's Badge.)
10388	-1	[completed]
10389	1	Eliminate the Pagans in the Anteroom (Razen, the Priestess of Light you met in the Pagan Temple, says that in order to enter the chapel, you need to prove your worth by fighting the pagans outside the chapel without being tempted by them. Fight the pagans to prove your worth. Monsters to hunt - Old Aristocrat's Soldier, Resurrected Worker, Forgotten Victim, Ritual Offering, Ritual Sacrifice, Resurrected Temple Knight, Triol's Believer, Triol's Layperson, Triol's High Priest)
10389	2	Return to Razen (You have defeated enough monsters in the anteroom of the Pagan Temple. Return to Razen, the Priestess of Light inside the Pagan Temple.)
10389	-1	[completed]
10390	1	A Special Letter (What could this mysterious letter be? Go to Captain Bathis of the Town of Gludio to find out.)
10390	2	A Letter from Kekropus (The sender of the letter turned out to be Kekropus, the Great Hierarch of the Kamaels. Check the contents and talk to Captain Bathis of the Town of Gludio again.)
10390	3	A Mission for the Chosen (Captain Bathis has given you a mission in Heine, along with a Scroll of Escape. Go to Captain Gosta in Heine as directed.)
10390	4	To Eli (Captain Gosta of Heine has asked you to put a stop to the Embryo's plan. In order to do so, find Eli, the Baron's personal escort in Alligator Island.)
10390	-1	[completed]
10391	1	Infiltration (Eli, the Baron's personal escort, has asked you to disguise yourself as a worker and find out what is happening in Alligator Island. Go to Worker Chel for assistance.)
10391	2	It Begins (Who is the person Worker Chel speaks of? Gather up the Experiment Material and approach this person.)
10391	-1	[completed]
10392	1	Picking up the Pieces (Iason Heine on Alligator Island has asked you to get rid of the monsters that had become violent due to his experiment. Indulge his request by defeating the monsters on the island, and bring the suspicious fragments back to him. Monsters to hunt: Swamp Tribe, Swamp Alligator, Swamp Warrior)
10392	2	Return to Iason Heine (You have gathered all the suspicious fragments from the monsters on Alligator Island. Report back to Iason Heine.)
10392	3	To Eli (You have completed Iason Heine's request and obtained information. Now that you no longer need a disguise, go straight back to Baron's Personal Escort Eli to report what you have seen and heard.)
10392	-1	[completed]
10393	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says the clue made of suspicious fragments will only gain meaning when restored to its original form. Go to Head Blacksmith Flutter in the Town of Oren to ask for help completing this fragmented clue.)
10393	2	To Kelios the Guard (Flutter, the Head Blacksmith in the Town of Oren, asks you to eliminate the evil creatures in the Outlaw Forest while he puts the clue together. Go to Kelios, the guard stationed in the Outlaw Forest, for details.)
10393	-1	[completed]
10394	1	Pestering Little Rats (Kelios, the guard in Outlaw Forest, has asked you to get rid of monsters in the area. Monsters to hunt: Hunter Gargoyle, Tarlk Basilisk, Elder Tarlk Basilisk)
10394	2	To Kelios the Guard (You have eliminated all the monsters in Outlaw Forest. Return to Kelios the guard.)
10394	-1	[completed]
10395	1	The Mad Oel Mahum (Leo, a refugee in Outlaw Forest, says the Oel Mahum have gone mad. He asks you to get rid of them before they do something irreversible. Monsters to hunt: Oel Mahum, Oel Mahum Warrior, Oel Mahum Shaman, Ol Mahum Transcender)
10395	2	To Kelios the Guard (You have eliminated the requested number of monster in Outlaw Forest. Report back to Kelios the guard.)
10395	-1	[completed]
10397	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says there has been a suspicious badge found in the Sea of Spores. Go to Captain Mouen in the Town of Oren for details.)
10397	2	To Andy the Patrol (Captain Mouen of the Town of Oren has sent out a patrol to the Sea of Spores. Find Andy the patrol at the Sea of Spores and hear out how you can help.)
10397	-1	[completed]
10398	1	Collecting Unidentified Suspicious Badges (Andy the Patrol has asked you to collect Unidentified Suspicious Badges from monsters in the Sea of Spores. Monsters to hunt: Giant Fungus, Rotting Tree, Corroded Skull, Rotten Corpse, Corpse Spider, Explosive Spider)
10398	2	Find Bacon, Paterson's Disciple (You have collected enough Unidentified Suspicious Badges from monsters in the Sea of Spores. Take them to Paterson's Disciple Bacon.)
10398	-1	[completed]
10399	1	Collecting Letters from the Giants' Alphabet (Paterson's Disciple Bacon has asked you to collect letters from the Giants' Alphabet from the Sea of Spores. Monsters to hunt: Corpse Looter Stakato, Lesser Laikel)
10399	2	Return to Bacon, Paterson's Disciple (You have collected enough Unidentified Suspicious Badges from monsters in the Sea of Spores. Take them to Paterson's Disciple Bacon.)
10399	-1	[completed]
10401	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says he has enlisted the help of a scholar named Paterson, who is an expert at Rune letters. Go to the Town of Aden to meet him.)
10401	2	To Eblune the Giant's Minion (Based on his analysis of the clue, Paterson of the Town of Aden has asked that you help Eblune the Giant's Minion, who has been sent on an investigation in the Forsaken Plains.)
10401	-1	[completed]
10402	1	Plea of the Isolated (Giant's Minion Eblune has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Forsaken Plains. Monsters to hunt: Marsh Stalker, Marsh Drake, Fallen Orc, Ancient Gargoyle, Fallen Orc Archer, Fallen Orc Shaman, Sharp Talon Tiger, Fallen Orc Captain)
10402	2	To Eblune the Giant's Minion (You have eliminated the requested number of monster in the Forsaken Plains. Report back to Eblune the Giant's Minion.)
10402	-1	[completed]
10403	1	Retrieving the Fragments (Novain the Geographer in the Forsaken Plains says you need to collect the Guardian Giant's Nucleus Fragments from minion monsters in order to defeat the Guardian Giant, who will show up while you are collecting the fragments. Monsters to hunt: Kranrot, Paliote, Yintzu, Hamrut)
10403	2	Eliminate the Guardian Giant (Guardian Giant Akum has appeared as you were gathering the Guardian Giant's Nucleus Fragments. Take him down. Monsters to hunt: Guardian Giant Akum)
10403	3	Return to Novain the Geographer (You have defeated Guardian Giant Akum. Report back to Novain the Geographer in the Forsaken Plains.)
10403	-1	[completed]
10404	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says he has given Paterson instructions on how to move forward with the next clue. Go to Paterson in the Town of Aden.)
10404	2	To Shuvann (Paterson of the Town of Aden has proposed that the strange happenings in the Fields of Massacre might be related to all of this. He has asked that you visit Shuvann there.)
10404	-1	[completed]
10405	1	Retrieving the Seeds (Shuvann has asked you to eliminate monsters in the Fields of Massacre. Collect Kartia's Mutated Seeds to him as proof of your deeds. Monsters to hunt: Archer of Destruction, Graveyard Lich, Dismal Pole,  Graveyard Predator, Doom Scout, Doom Servant, Doom Guard, Doom Archer, Doom Trooper, Doom Warrior, Doom Knight, Spiteful Soul Leader, Spiteful Soul Wizard, Spiteful Soul Warrior)
10405	2	Return to Shuvann (You have collected all the Kartia's Mutated Seeds you needed from monsters in the Fields of Massacre. Report back to Shuvann.)
10405	-1	[completed]
10406	1	Eliminating Kartia's Flower (Shuvann has asked you to eliminate Kartia's Flowers. Find them around the Devastated Castle near the Fields of Massacre, and get rid of them. Monsters to hunt: Kartia's Flower)
10406	2	Return to Shuvann (You have eliminated the requested number of Kartia's Flowers. Return to Shuvann in the Fields of Massacre.)
10406	-1	[completed]
10408	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says there have been suspicious persons spotted at the Swamp of Screams. Go to Captain Mathias of the Town of Rune for details.)
10408	2	To Dokara the Tracker (Captain Mathias of the Town of Rune says there has been a call for aid from Tracker Dokara, who had gone after the suspicious persons into the Swamp of Screams. Go to the swamp to hear out how you can help.)
10408	-1	[completed]
10409	1	Chasing the Suspicious Vagabond (Tracker Dokara has marked the location of a critically-injured vagabond on a map of the Swamp of Screams, asking you to track this person down.)
10409	2	To Dokara the Tracker (In the Swamp of Screams you found the Critically-injured Suspicious Vagabond, who told you in his dying breath that the Seal of Punishment would soon be released.  Return to Tracker Dokara to deliver the news.)
10409	-1	[completed]
10410	1	Eliminating the Swamp of Screams Scout (Tracker Dokara has asked you to eliminate the Embryo Scouts in the Swamp of Scream. Apparently these scouts appear when you eliminate Stakatos. Monsters to hunt: Swamp of Screams Scout)
10410	2	To Dokara the Tracker (You have eliminated all the Embryo Scouts hiding among monsters in the Swamp of Screams. Return to Tracker Dokara.)
10410	-1	[completed]
10411	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says there have been suspicious persons spotted in the Forest of the Dead. Go to Captain Mathias of the Town of Rune for details.)
10411	2	To Hatuba the Tracker (Captain Mathias of the Town of Rune says there has been a call for aid from Tracker Hatuba, who had gone after the suspicious persons into the Forest of the Dead. Go to the swamp to hear out how you can help.)
10411	-1	[completed]
10412	1	Chasing the Suspicious Vagabond (Tracker Hatuba has marked the location of a mortally-endangered vagabond on a map of the Forest of the Dead, asking you to track this person down.)
10412	2	To Hatuba the Tracker (In the Forest of the Dead you found the Mortally-endangered Suspicious Vagabond, who told you in his dying breath that the Seal of Punishment would soon be released.  Return to Tracker Hatuba to deliver the news.)
10412	-1	[completed]
10413	1	Eliminating the Forest of the Dead Scout (Tracker Hatuba has asked you to eliminate Embryo Scouts in the Forest of the Dead. Apparently these scouts appear when you eliminate undead monsters. Monsters to hunt: Forest of the Dead Scout)
10413	2	To Hatuba the Tracker (You have eliminated all Embryo Scouts hiding among monsters in the Forest of the Dead. Return to Tracker Hatuba.)
10413	-1	[completed]
10414	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says the Embryo has been stirring at the Wall of Argos. Go to Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard for details.)
10414	2	To Janitt the Giant's Minion (Captain Andrei of the Town of Goddard says there has been a call for aid from Janitt, a Giant's minion who has been tracking an organization called Embryo. Go to Janitt at the Wall of Argos to hear out how you can help.)
10414	-1	[completed]
10415	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says the Embryo has been stirring at the Wall of Argos. Go to Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard for details.)
10415	2	To Janitt the Giant's Minion (Captain Andrei of the Town of Goddard says there has been a call for aid from Janitt, a Giant's minion who has been tracking an organization called Embryo. Go to Janitt at the Wall of Argos to hear out how you can help.)
10415	-1	[completed]
10416	1	To the Eye of Argos (Janitt, the Giant's minion at the Wall of Argos, has asked you to persuade the Eye of Argos from allying with the Embryo.)
10416	-1	[completed]
10417	1	Eliminating Daimon the White-eyed (The Eye of Argos has asked you to stop the march of Daimon the White-eyed, resurrected by the Embryo. Look around the Wall of Argos. Monsters to hunt: Daimon the White-eyed)
10417	2	Return to the Eye of Argos (You have put a stop to the march of Daimon the White-eyed. Return to the Wall of Argos to talk to the Eye.)
10417	3	To Janitt the Giant's Minion (The Eye of Argos has directed you to return to Janitt, who is at the entrance to the Wall of Argos.)
10417	-1	[completed]
10419	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says a monster resembling Sakum, who had fought a bloody battle in the Wasteland long ago, has been spotted in the Varka Silenos Barracks. Go to Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard for details.)
10419	2	To Hansen the Giant's Minion (Captain Andrei of the Town of Goddard says Hansen the Giant's Minion has gone after the Sakum look-alike into the Varka Silenos Barracks. Go to Hansen there to hear out how you can help.)
10419	-1	[completed]
10420	1	Eliminating the Embryo Supporters (Hansen, the undercover Giant's minion, has asked you to eliminate the Embryo supporters hiding in the Varka Silenos Barracks. He says the Varka Backup Wizard and the Varka Backup Shooter will appear if you eliminate the monsters there. Monsters to hunt: Varka Backup Shooter, Varka Backup Wizard)
10420	2	To Hansen the Giant's Minion (You have eliminated all Embryo supporters hiding among the monsters in the Varka Silenos Barracks. Return to Hansen.)
10420	-1	[completed]
10421	1	Eliminating Mos the Varka's Commander (Hansen, the undercover Giant's minion at Varka Silenos Barracks, says Sakum's Clone Kampf is missing. He suggests that you assassinate Varka's Commander Mos to provoke the Varka Silenos and the Embryo. Monsters to hunt: Varka's Commander Mos)
10421	2	To Hansen the Giant's Minion (You have assassinated Varka's Commander Mos, but Sakum's Clone Kampf did not appear. Report back to Hansen.)
10421	-1	[completed]
10422	1	Eliminating Horus the Varka's Chief (Hansen, the undercover Giant's minion at Varka Silenos Barracks, says Sakum's Clone Kampf is missing. He suggests that you assassinate Varka's Chief Horus to provoke the Varka Silenos and the Embryo. Monsters to hunt: Varka's Chief Horus)
10422	2	To Hansen the Giant's Minion (Sakum's Clone Kampf appeared when you attacked Varka's Chief Horus. Report back to Hansen.)
10422	-1	[completed]
10424	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says a monster resembling Sakum, who had fought a bloody battle in the Wasteland long ago, has been spotted in the Ketra Orc Outpost. Go to Captain Andrei in the Town of Goddard for details.)
10424	2	To Lugonnes the Giant's Minion (Captain Andrei of the Town of Goddard says Lugonnes the Giant's Minion has gone after the Sakum look-alike into the Ketra Orc Outpost. Go to Lugonnes there to hear out how you can help.)
10424	-1	[completed]
10425	1	Eliminating the Embryo Supporters (Lugonnes, the undercover Giant's minion, has asked you to eliminate the Embryo supporters hiding in the Ketra Orc Outpost. He says the Ketra Backup Wizard and the Ketra Backup Shooter will appear if you eliminate the monsters there. Monsters to hunt: Ketra Backup Shooter, Ketra Backup Wizard)
10425	2	To Lugonnes the Giant's Minion (You have eliminated all Embryo supporters hiding among the monsters in the Ketra Orc Outpost. Return to Lugonnes.)
10425	-1	[completed]
10426	1	Eliminating Tayr the Ketra's Commander (Lugonnes, the undercover Giant's Minion at Ketra Orc Outpost, says Sakum's Clone Belos is missing. He suggests that you assassinate Ketra's Commander Tayr to provoke the Ketra Orcs and the Embryo. Monsters to hunt: Ketra's Commander Tayr)
10426	2	To Lugonnes the Giant's Minion (You have assassinated Ketra's Commander Tayr, but Sakum's Clone Belos did not appear. Report back to Lugonnes.)
10426	-1	[completed]
10427	1	Eliminating Brakki the Ketra's Chief (Lugonnes, the undercover Giant's Minion at Ketra Orc Outpost, says Sakum's Clone Belos is missing. He suggests that you assassinate Ketra's Chief Brakki to provoke the Ketra Orcs and the Embryo. Monsters to hunt: Ketra's Chief Brakki)
10427	2	To Lugonnes the Giant's Minion (Sakum's Clone Belos appeared when you attacked Ketra's Chief Braki. Report back to Lugonnes.)
10427	-1	[completed]
10430	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says information has turned up regarding "Punishment", Shilen's 6th seal. Go to Captain Vishotsky in the Town of Schuttgart for details.)
10430	2	To Jokel the Giant's Minion (Captain Vishotsky of the Town of Schuttgart has spotted suspicious movement from the Ragna Orcs in the Den of Evil. He has asked that you go to Jokel, a Giant's minion, for investigation.)
10430	-1	[completed]
10431	1	To Chairen (Jokel, the Giant's minion in the Den of Evil, said it would be best to go to Chairen to catch Varangka.)
10431	2	A Collecting Mission (Chairen says that in order to pursue the Varangka, you must defeat the monsters at the Den of Evil and bring back Evil Freed Souls. Monsters to hunt - Ragna Orc, Ragna Orc Warrior, Ragna Orc Hero, Ragna Orc Commander, Ragna Orc Healer, Ragna Orc Shaman, Ragna Orc Priest, Ragna Orc Archer, Ragna Orc Sniper, Varangka's Dre Vanul, Varangka's Destroyer.)
10431	3	Return to Chairen (You have eliminated monsters in the Den of Evil and collected all the Evil Freed Souls as asked. Return to Chairen.)
10431	-1	[completed]
10432	1	Varangka the Dark Shaman (Chairen in the Den of Evil says preparations are now in place to defeat Varangka the Dark Shaman. Monsters to hunt: Varangka the Dark Shaman)
10432	2	Return to Jokel (You have successfully defeated Varangka the Dark Shaman. Report back to Jokel the Giant's minion in the Den of Evil.)
10432	-1	[completed]
10433	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says information has turned up regarding "Punishment", Shilen's 6th seal. Go to Captain Mouen in the Town of Oren for details.)
10433	2	To Rua the Investigator (You have been asked by Captain Mouen of the Town of Oren to help stop "Punishment", the 6th seal, from being released. Go to Investigator Rua in Sel Mahum Training Grounds.)
10433	-1	[completed]
10434	1	Collecting the Evidence of a Conspiracy (Investigator Rua has asked you to help investigate the monsters that have been appearing in the Sel Mahum Training Grounds. Eliminate them and bring back 50 Evidences of a Conspiracy to help bring their relationship with the Embryo to light. Monsters to hunt: Sel Mahum Drill Sergeant(Wizard), Sel Mahum Training Officer, Sel Mahum Drill Sergeant(Warrior), Sel Mahum Drill Sergeant(Archer), Sel Mahum Warrior, Sel Mahum Recruit(Wizard), Sel Mahum Soldier(Wizard), Sel Mahum Recruit(Warrior), Sel Mahum Soldier(Warrior), Sel Mahum Recruit(Archer), Sel Mahum Soldier(Archer), Sel Mahum Squad Leader(Wizard), Sel Mahum Squad Leader(Warrior), Sel Mahum Squad Leader(Archer), Sel Mahum Chef)
10434	2	To Rua the Investigator (You have collected all 50 Evidences of a Conspiracy from the Sel Mahum. Report back to Investigator Rua.)
10434	-1	[completed]
10435	1	Sel Mahum Chief Keltron (Investigator Rua has asked you to eliminate Keltron, the chief of the Sel Mahum. Do as she asks, and report back to her. Monsters to hunt: Sel Mahum Chief Keltron)
10435	2	To Rua the Investigator (You have defeated Keltron, the chief of the Sel Mahum in the Sel Mahum Training Grounds. Report back to Investigator Rua.)
10435	-1	[completed]
10436	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says information has turned up regarding "Punishment", Shilen's 6th seal. Go to Captain Mouen in the Town of Oren for details.)
10436	2	To Laki the Investigator (You have been asked by Captain Mouen of the Town of Oren to help stop "Punishment", the 6th seal, from being released. Go to Investigator Laki in the Plains of the Lizardmen.)
10436	-1	[completed]
10437	1	Embryo's Suspicious Fragments (Investigator Laki has asked you to help investigate the monsters that have been appearing in the Plains of the Lizardmen. Eliminate them and bring back 50 Embryo's Suspicious Fragments. Monsters to hunt: Tanta Lizardman Scout, Tanta Lizardman Warrior, Tanta Lizardman Soldier, Tanta Lizardman Berserker, Tanta Lizardman Archer, Tanta Lizardman Wizard, Tanta Lizardman Summoner)
10437	2	To Laki the Investigator (You have collected all 50 Embryo's Suspicious Fragments from the Tanta Lizardmen. Report back to Investigator Laki.)
10437	-1	[completed]
10438	1	Eliminating Loygen, Chief of the Tanta Lizardmen (Investigator Laki has asked you to eliminate Loygen, the chief of the Tanta Lizardmen. Do as she asks, and report back to her. Monsters to hunt: Tanta Lizardmen Chief Loygen)
10438	2	To Laki the Investigator (You have defeated Loygen, the chief of the Tanta Lizardmen at the Plains of the Lizardmen. Report back to Investigator Laki.)
10438	-1	[completed]
10439	1	Kekropus' Letter (In his letter, Kekropus says information has turned up regarding "Punishment", Shilen's 6th seal. Go to Captain Gosta in Heine for details.)
10439	2	To Dr. Helvetica (Captain Gosta in Heine has told you about the Mucrokians overrunning the Fields. Go to Dr. Helvetica in the Field of Silence for details.)
10439	3	To Priestess Athenia (Captain Gosta in Heine has told you about the Mucrokians overrunning the Fields. Go to Priestess Athenia in the Field of Whispers for details.)
10439	-1	[completed]
10440	1	The Fate of the Mucrokians (The Mucrokians near the Fields need to be slain and weakened in order to put a stop to the Seal of Punishment. Monsters to hunt: Mucrokian Fanatic, Mucrokian Ascetic, Mucrokian Savior, Mucrokian Prophet, Contaminated Mucrokians, Awakened Mucrokians)
10440	2	To Helvetica (You have slain enough Mucrokians to weaken their forces. Report back to Dr. Helvetica at the Field of Silence.)
10440	3	To Athenia (You have slain enough Mucrokians to weaken their forces. Report back to Priestess Athenia at the Field of Whispers.)
10440	-1	[completed]
10441	-2	
10441	1	Eliminating Meccadan (After activating the Dimensional Gate, the Awakening Meccadan will appear. Defeat the Awakening Meccadan. Monsters to hunt - Awakening Meccadan)
10441	2	To Helvetica (You have eliminated the Awakening Meccadan. Return to Dr. Helvetica in the Field of Silence.)
10441	3	To Athenia (You have eliminated the Awakening Meccadan. Return to Priestess Athenia in the Field of Whispers.)
10441	-1	[completed]
10442	1	Meet Tuska (Captain Mathias has suggested that you go to Tuska, the Vice Captain of the Flame Patrol stationed in Gainak in Schuttgart territory. Use the gatekeeper in Rune Castle to go to Gainak.)
10442	-1	[completed]
10443	1	A Refugee's Corpse (Tuska has instructed you to go to the Land of Chaos, situated in Schuttgart territory.  Once there, you are to find a necklace from a corpse of a refugee, and take it to Falk, Rune's backup trooper stationed nearby. Use the Sayune near Tuska to go to Land of Chaos.)
10443	2	To Falk the Rune Backup Trooper (You have found the Refugee's Necklace. Take it to Falk, Rune's backup trooper near the Land of Chaos.)
10443	-1	[completed]
10444	1	The Origin of Monsters (Parajan the Rune Backup Trooper has asked that you find and eliminate Krogel in the Land of Chaos and bring back 2 corpse chunks to show Investigator Quincy. Monsters to hunt: Raid Monster Krogel)
10444	2	To Investigator Quincy (You have eliminated Krogel the demonic baron, and gathered up 2 chunks of corpses as promised. Bring them back to Investigator Quincy.)
10444	-1	[completed]
10445	1	Return to Olf Adams (At the Town of Rune, Captain Mathias has asked you to go to Flame Patrol Vice Captain Tuska near Gainak to help quell the Nerva Orcs' forces.)
10445	2	The Reinforcements' Badge (Tuska, the  Flame Patrol Vice Captain stationed near Gainak, has handed you the Reinforcements' Badge with instructions to meet Bruener, the Flame Patrol Warrior stationed near the entrance to Raider's Crossroads.)
10445	-1	[completed]
10446	1	Eliminating the Nerva Orc Prefect (Flame Patrol Warrior Bruener has asked that you go to the checkpoint at Raider's Crossroads to eliminate the Nerva Orc Prefect there. Monsters to hunt: Nerva Orc Prefect)
10446	2	Report the Results (You have eliminated the Nerva Orc Prefect. Report back to Bruener at the entrance to Raider's Crossroads.)
10446	-1	[completed]
10447	1	Rescue Kaysen the Treasure Dealer (Flame Patrol Warrior Bruener has asked you to rescue Treasure Dealer Kaysen from Nerva's Temporary Prison at Raider's Crossroads. You must obtain the key to the prison from the Nerva Orcs. Monsters to hunt: Nerva Orc Raider, Nerva Orc Archer, Nerva Orc Priest, Nerva Orc Wizard, Nerva Orc Assassin, Nerva Orc Ambusher, Nerva Orc Merchant, Nerva Orc Warrior, Nerva Orc Prefect, Nerva Orc Elite, Nerva Bloodlust Captain (Nerva's Temporary Prison Key can be obtained from monsters in Raider's Crossroads regardless of the quest at a very low rate.))
10447	2	Mission Complete (You rescued Treasure Dealer Kaysen from Nerva's Temporary Prison. Return to Flame Patrol Warrior Bruener.)
10447	-1	[completed]
10450	1	Pa'agrio Lord Kakai (Captain Mathias has asked you to meet Tuska, the Vice Captain of the Flame Patrol stationed near Gainak, and deliver the words of Pa'agrio Lord Kakai.)
10450	-1	[completed]
10452	1	Unusual Plants in the Plains of the Lizardmen (Harry, the investigator at the Plains of the Lizardmen, has asked you to bring back 1 each of Fantasy Mushroom's Spore Sac, Sticky Mushroom's Spore Sac, and Vitality Leaf Pouch. NPCs to gather: Fantasy Mushroom, Sticky Mushroom, Vitality Plant)
10452	2	To Investigator Harry (You obtained 1 each of the Fantasy Mushroom's Spore Sac, Stick Mushroom's Spore Sac, and Vitality Plan Leaf Sac in the Plains of the Lizardmen. Bring them to Investigator Harry.)
10452	-1	[completed]
10453	1	Stop Lindvior the Wind Dragon (Stop Lindvior the Wind Dragon. You must create or belong to a command channel to fight him.)
10453	2	The Wind Dragon's Enemy (You have stopped Lindvior the Wind Dragon. Report back to Aden's Wizard Jenna.)
10453	-1	[completed]
10455	1	Go To Hellbound (The Verdure Elder Elikia in Heine ended up in Hellbound while tracking the slave trade with his allies on the continent of Aden. He is staying in Heine for awhile to recruit adventurers who will help Leona Blackbird. He told you to go speak with the Truth Seeker Devianne in Hellbound if you wanted to help.)
10455	2	The Black Bird (The Truth Seeker Devianne said you could hear more details from Leona Blackbird.)
10455	-1	[completed]
10456	1	The Captives (Truth Seeker Devianne says that the monsters in Beleth's Magic Circle are actually slaves who have been sold here, and asks you to rescue at least some of them. The monsters can be defeated when the nearby magic field becomes unstable (the magic field's color turns yellow). Monsters to hunt: Decay Hannibals, Armor Beasts, Klein Soldiers, Disorder Warriors, Disorder Avatars, Blow Archers, Bizuards, Mutated Flies, Amos Soldiers, Amos Officers, Amos Masters, Ailith Hunters)
10456	2	Return to Devianne (The rescue was successful. Return to the Refugee Camp and report back to Truth Seeker Devianne.)
10456	-1	[completed]
10457	1	Experiencing the Desert Thirst (Truth Seeker Devianne asks you to investigate the groundshaking changes at Phantasmal Ridge. Go there and hunt monsters in the area, and see what the Desert Thirst is like. Monsters to hunt: - Smaugs, Lunatikans, Jabberwoks, Kanzaroths, Kandiloths, Garions, Garion Netis, Desert Wendigos, Korazas, Bend Beetles)
10457	2	Facing Your Illusions (You experienced the Desert Thirst. Will something happen if you endure it a bit longer? Continue hunting for the investigation. Monsters to hunt: Smaugs, Lunatikans, Jabberwoks, Kanzaroths, Kandiloths, Garions, Garion Netis, Desert Wendigos, Korazas, Bend Beetles)
10457	3	Defeat Your Illusions (Apparently you can meet an illusion called Viper. Defeat this illusion. Monsters to hunt: Viper)
10457	4	Return to Devianne (Return to the Refugee Camp  in Hellbound and tell Truth Seeker Devianne about what has occurred.)
10457	-1	[completed]
10458	1	Mission (Erica Ken Weber, also known as Wind Shadow, has asked you to reduce the number of monsters around the Desert Quarry for her investigation. Defeat the monsters that have completed evolution to Lv. 3. Monsters to hunt: Tanya, Scarlett, and Deathmoz at Lv. 3)
10458	2	Return to Erica (You have completed the mission given by Erica Ken Weber. Report back to her at Refugee Camp.)
10458	-1	[completed]
10459	1	Eliminate the Source (Fight Beleth or Darion at the heart of Hellbound side by side with Leona Blackbird. Speak with her when it is all over. Monsters to hunt: Beleth, Darion)
10459	2	Speak with Leona Blackbird (Defeat Darion or Beleth, the ruler of Hellbound. Speak to Leona Blackbird afterwards.)
10459	-1	[completed]
10460	1	Alligator Hunt (Enron of Alligator Island has suggested that you eliminate the alligators and bring back their hide. The better the leather quality, the better the rewards. Monsters to hunt: Alligator, Crokian Lad,  Dailaon Lad, Crokian Lad Warrior, Farhite Lad, Nos Lad)
10460	2	Return to Enron (You have collected all the leather you wanted from the monsters on Alligator Island. Return to Enron.)
10460	-1	[completed]
10461	1	The Power Within (In Heine, Eva's Knight Lionel Hunter is said to be seeking those who can shoulder a destiny as great as his own. Answer his call if you are willing.)
10461	-1	[completed]
10462	1	A Hand at Augmentation (Flutter, the Head Blacksmith of the Town of Oren, has provided you with the tools to practice augmenting and suggested that you try it.)
10462	-1	[completed]
10464	1	Better Equipment is Better (Paterson of the Town of Aden has suggested that you try something on your belt. See Olf Kanore for details.)
10464	2	Bestowing Options on a Belt (Olf Kanore has given you information on how to add options to your belt. Give it a try.)
10464	3	Return to Paterson (Report back to Paterson in the Town of Aden.)
10464	-1	[completed]
10465	1	Try the Soul Crystal System (You've collected the items needed to use the Soul Crystal System. Now is time to try it out.)
10465	-1	[completed]
10472	1	Counterfeit Gem (Queen Navari has charged you with investigating the alleged sales of fake Atelia in the Material Realm. Zephyra the Alchemist will be able to lend you a hand.)
10472	2	The Hunt Begins (Zephyra says you need to wait for word from Veruti the Alchemist at the Town of Rune. Do as she says and get a blacksmith's opinion on who would make such a thing as a fake gem.)
10472	3	A Dark Market (Apparently the Black Marketeers of Mammon are trading the fake Atelia in each major town. Try finding one for more information. (The closest village to Faeron would be the Town of Gludio.))
10472	4	The Elements of a Gemstone (The black marketeer says you need a few ingredients for making the gems. Go to the Altar of Evil to find some Dark Fragments. Monsters to Hunt: Arbitor of Darkness, Altar of Evil Spirit Offering Box, Mutated Cerberos, Dartanion, Insane Phion, Dimensional Rifter, Hellgate Fighting Dog (You can reach the Altar of Evil by going to Bloody Swampland from the Dark Elf Village.))
10472	5	A Full Assembly (You have gathered enough Dark Fragments for creating the fake gem. Return to the Black Marketeer of Mammon. (They are found in all major towns; the closest one to Faeron is the Town of Gludio.))
10472	6	The Blacksmith's Plot (The Blacksmith of Mammon is said to be the real creator of the fake gem. Track him down while he is doing his hourly rounds between the towns of Giran, Aden, and Rune.)
10472	7	Finding Nidrah (Apparently it was someone called Nidrah that gave out recipes for the fake gem. The Blacksmith of Mammon had tracked him as far as the Reliquary of the Giants in the Ruins of Ye Sagira, so go see what you can find.)
10472	8	The Master Summoner (Hardin has suggested that you try using the fake gem as a vessel for some kind of power. Try going to the Master Summoner at the Reliquary of the Giants.)
10472	9	The Wizard's Might (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Master Summoner. Try going to the Master Wizard.)
10472	10	The Force of the Weapon (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Master Wizard. Try going to the Weapon/Force Master.)
10472	11	The Dagger Master (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Weapon/Force Master. Try going to the Dagger Master.)
10472	12	The Buff Specialist (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Dagger Master. Try going to the Buff Master.)
10472	13	The Piercing Arrow (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Buff Master. Try going to the Bow/Crossbow Master.)
10472	14	The Knightly Shield (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Bow/Crossbow Master. Try going to the Master Defender.)
10472	15	The Healing Wave (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Master Defender. Try going to the Master Healer.)
10472	16	The Powers That Be (The fake Atelia gem had emitted a spark when touched by the Master Healer. Return to Hardin to ask what this all means.)
10472	17	The Lost Power (The fake Atelia gem broke after being loaded with the Giants' power. Hardin said a fragment seems to have been lodged in you, but cannot find it as it was quickly absorbed. Go to Faeron as he suggested, and ask Zephyra for help.)
10472	18	Forces Collide (Zephyra says Karla is the only Ertheia in Faeron that can control two conflicting powers at once. Ask Karla about the strange sensation you feel.)
10472	19	Juggle This (Karla says you have absorbed a part of the Giants' power, but in an unstable manner. Follow her advice and seek out Subclass / Dual Class Master Raina of Talking Island Village.)
10472	-1	[completed]
10501	1	Zaken (Upper Daytime Zaken) Hunt (Defeat Zaken (Upper Daytime Zaken) and collect 20 soul fragments. Monsters to be hunted - Zaken (Upper Daytime))
10501	2	Return to Olf Adams (You have collected all 20 Zaken soul fragments. Return to Weaver Olf Adams in the Town of Rune.)
10501	-1	[completed]
10502	1	Freya Hunting (Defeat Freya and collect 20 soul fragments. Monsters to be hunted - Freya)
10502	2	Return to Olf Adams (You have collected all 20 Freya soul fragments. Return to Weaver Olf Adams in the Town of Rune.)
10502	-1	[completed]
10503	1	Freya Hunting (Defeat Frintezza and collect soul fragments. Monsters to be hunted - Frintezza)
10503	2	Return to Olf Adams (You have collected all 20 Frintezza soul fragments. Return to Weaver Olf Adams in the Town of Rune.)
10503	-1	[completed]
10504	1	Crystal Imbued with Antharas' Energy (Antharas Watchman Theodric asks you to defeat Antharas and to capture the land dragon's energy in the clear crystal. Go to Antharas' Lair, defeat the land dragon Antharas, and bring back the filled crystal.)
10504	2	Jewel of Antharas (You defeated the land dragon Antharas and filled the crystal with the energy of the fallen beast. Bring it back to Antharas Watchman Theodric.)
10504	-1	[completed]
10505	1	Crystal Imbued with Valakas' Energy (Valakas Watchman Klein asks you to defeat Valakas and to fill the empty crystal with the fire dragon's energy. Go to Valakas' Lair, defeat the land dragon Valakas, and bring back the crystal filled with the fallen beast's energy.)
10505	2	Jewel of Valakas (You defeated the fire dragon Valakas and filled the crystal with the beasts energy! Bring it back to Valakas Watchman Klein.)
10505	-1	[completed]
10506	1	Defeating Demon Knight (Diana at the Talking Island Village has asked you to find her stolen accessories. First, go to the Tower of Insolence and defeat the Demon Knight to retrieve her earring. Monster to Hunt - Demon Knight)
10506	2	Defeating Homunculus (You've defeated the Demon Knight in the Tower of Insolence and retrieved Diana's earring. Next, go to the Wall of Argos and defeat Homonculus to retrieve Diana's ring. Monster to Hunt - Homunculus)
10506	3	Defeating Spiked Stakato Wizard (You retrieved Diana's ring after defeating Homunculus at the Wall of Argos. Lastly, go to the Stakato Nest and defeat Spiked Stakato Wizard to retrieve Diana's necklace. Monster to Hunt - Spiked Stakato Wizard)
10506	4	Return to Diana (You've completed Diana's missions. Go back to the Talking Island Village to report to Diana.)
10506	-1	[completed]
10701	1	Back to the Seed of Destruction (You have been told by Admiral Keucereus to go to Sergeant Allenos at the Seed of Destruction.)
10701	-1	[completed]
10702	1	Back to the Seed of Infinity (You have been told by Admiral Keucereus to go to Officer Tepios at the Seed of Infinity.)
10702	-1	[completed]
10703	1	Acquire the Soul Bottle (Officer Rumiese has offered you one more mission.)
10703	-1	[completed]
10704	1	Acquire the Soul Bottle (Lydia, the divine messenger at Orbis Temple, has offered you one more mission.)
10704	-1	[completed]
10705	1	Acquire the Soul Bottle (Fergason has offered you one more mission.)
10705	-1	[completed]
10707	1	Bless the Victims (Leo has asked you to pay your respects to the dead in front of the flames throughout Outlaw Forest.)
10707	2	An Unexpected Evil (You were simply paying your respects to the dead, but Mahum emerged in the form of a vicious ghost. Talk doesn't seem to work, so try to weaken him first.)
10707	3	A Peaceful Soul (Taking down the vicious spirit resulted in a visit from Mahum's true spirit, thankful and at peace. Try finding another fire and letting another vengeful spirit go in peace, and you might receive more Marks of Gratitude.)
10707	4	To Refugee Leo (That seems to be enough Marks of Gratitude. Hand them over to Leo in Outlaw Forest.)
10707	-1	[completed]
10708	1	Urgent Repairs at the Sea of Spores (When ready, take the key Bacon gave you and go activate the Barrier Enforcer at the Sea of Spores!)
10708	2	Return to Bacon (You have successfully activated the Barrier Enforcer, reinforcing the force field around the Sea of Spores. Tie up loose ends here and return to Bacon.)
10708	-1	[completed]
10709	1	Chasing Memories (When ready, activate the Magic Circle Control Device in the Forsaken Plains and see the Giant's memories play out for a bit.)
10709	2	Can't Catch a Break (The Giant inside the memories turned into Cursed Giant Akum. Why is he able to attack? Perhaps it is the magic -- at any rate, defend yourself from the aggressive semi-real Giant.)
10709	3	To Novain the Geographer (With the fall of the cursed Giant, you found a Normal Fragment devoid of power. Ask Novain about it.)
10709	-1	[completed]
10710	1	Life Energy Repository (When ready, look for the Life Energy Repository near Devastated Castle.)
10710	2	Shine Stone Fragment (Blowing up the Life Energy may not have been very subtle, but you managed to take care of te Embryo that swarmed to you nontheless. And what is this Shine Stone Fragment? It looks familiar. Maybe Shuvann knows.)
10710	-1	[completed]
10712	1	Liberatto's Invitation (Liberatto has invited you to visit him at Talking Island Village.)
10712	-1	[completed]
10713	1	About Bloody Swampland (When ready, talk to Liberatto again.)
10713	2	To Vollodos (Talk to Vollodos at the Swamp of Screams.)
10713	3	To Vollodos (When ready, go to the Swamp of Screams using the teleport scroll Liberatto gave you, and talk to Vollodos.)
10713	-1	[completed]
10714	1	About Seed of Annihilation (When ready, talk to Liberatto again.)
10714	2	To Klemis (Talk to Officer Klemis at the Seed of Annihilation.)
10714	3	To Klemis (When ready, go to the Seed of Annihilation using the teleport scroll Liberatto gave you, and talk to Klemis.)
10714	-1	[completed]
10715	1	About Harnak Underground Ruins (When ready, talk to Liberatto again.)
10715	2	To Hadel (Talk to Hadel at the Harnak Underground Ruins.)
10715	3	To Hadel (When ready, go to the Harnak Underground Ruins using the teleport scroll Liberatto gave you, and talk to Hadel.)
10715	-1	[completed]
10716	1	About Kartia's Labyrinth (When ready, talk to Liberatto again.)
10716	2	To the Kartia Researcher (Talk to the Kartia Researcher at the Town fo Aden.)
10716	3	To the Kartia Researcher (When ready, go to Kartia's Labyrinth using the teleport scroll Liberatto gave you, and talk to the Kartia Researcher.)
10716	-1	[completed]
10717	1	Miso's Invitation (Miso has invited you to visit him at Magmeld.)
10717	-1	[completed]
10718	1	About Fairy Settlement (When ready, talk to Miso again.)
10718	2	To Miso's Acquaintance (Talk to the Fairy Refugee at the Fairy Settlement.)
10718	3	To Miso's Acquaintance (When ready, go to Fairy Settlement using the teleport scroll Miso gave you, and talk to a Fairy Refugee that has escaped the rule of Kimerian.)
10718	-1	[completed]
10720	1	Miso's Invitation (Miso has invited you to visit him at Magmeld.)
10720	-1	[completed]
10721	1	About Prison of Darkness (When ready, talk to Miso again.)
10721	2	To Opera (Talk to Opera at Prison of Darkness.)
10721	3	To Opera (When ready, go to Prison of Darkness using the teleport scroll Miso gave you, and talk to Opera.)
10721	-1	[completed]
10722	1	About Fortuna (When ready, talk to Miso again.)
10722	2	To Izael (Talk to Izael in Fortuna.)
10722	3	To Izael (When ready, go to Fortuna using the teleport scroll Miso gave you, and talk to Izael.)
10722	-1	[completed]
10723	1	Marmie's Invitation (Marmie has invited you to visit her at the Town of Rune.)
10723	-1	[completed]
10724	1	About Isle of Souls (When ready, talk to Marmie again.)
10724	2	An Enchanted Minstrel (Talk to Tauresia at the Isle of Souls.)
10724	3	An Enchanted Minstrel (When ready, go to the Isle of Souls using the teleport scroll Marmie gave you, and talk to Tauresia.)
10724	-1	[completed]
10725	1	About Nornil's Cave (When ready, talk to Marmie again.)
10725	2	To Verna (Talk to Verna near Nornil's Cave.)
10725	3	To Verna (When ready, go to Nornil's Cave using the teleport scroll Marmie gave you, and talk to Verna.)
10725	-1	[completed]
10726	1	Tulesir's Invitation (Tulesir has invited you to visit him at the Town of Aden.)
10726	-1	[completed]
10727	1	About Seal of Shilen (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10727	2	To an Aden Vanguard Member (Talk to the Aden Vanguard Member at the Seal of Shilen.)
10727	3	To an Aden Vanguard Member (When ready, go to the Seal of Shilen using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to the Aden Vanguard Member.)
10727	-1	[completed]
10728	1	About the Cemetary (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10728	2	To an Aden Vanguard Member (Talk to the Aden Vanguard Member near the Cemetary.)
10728	3	To an Aden Vanguard Member (When ready, go to the Cemetary using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to the Aden Vanguard Member.)
10728	-1	[completed]
10729	1	About Guillotine Fortress (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10729	2	To Mortania the Minstrel (Talk to Mortania at Guillotine Fortress.)
10729	3	To Mortania the Minstrel (When ready, go to Guillotine Fortress using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to Mortania.)
10729	-1	[completed]
10730	1	About Orbis Temple (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10730	2	To Severin (Talk to Severin at Orbis Temple.)
10730	3	To Severin (When ready, go to Orbis Temple using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to Severin.)
10730	-1	[completed]
10731	1	Tulesir's Invitation (Tulesir has sent you an invitation, saying he is looking for hero material to star in his tales. Visit him at the Town of Aden if interested.)
10731	-1	[completed]
10732	1	Enter Gereth (Queen Navari has filled you in on Faeron and the Dimensional Rift. Go see what Gereth has to tell you.)
10732	-1	[completed]
10733	-2	
10733	1	Acclimatize to the Material Realm (High Priest Gereth wrote you a recommendation, saying you would need a good teacher to help you adjust to the Material Realm. Talk to Dia and see what is next.)
10733	2	To Master Katalin (Dia says your powers were probably shuttered due to the trauma of passing through the dimensions. Follow her advice and seek out Master Katalin in town.)
10733	3	To Magister Ayanthe (Dia says your powers were probably shuttered due to the trauma of passing through the dimensions. Follow her advice and seek out Magister Ayanthe in town.)
10733	-1	[completed]
10734	-2	
10734	1	Fight the Dummy (Training seems to be the only way to adjusting to the Material Realm. Try a few hits on the training dummy.)
10734	2	To Magister Ayanthe (The dummies didn't stand a chance. Return to Magister Ayanthe.)
10734	3	To Master Katalin (The dummies didn't stand a chance. Return to Master Katalin.)
10734	4	A Strange Power (Magister Ayanthe has suggested that you seek out the Apprentice Adventurer's Guide for further help.)
10734	5	A Strange Power (Master Katalin has suggested that you seek out the Apprentice Adventurer's Guide for further help.)
10734	6	A Small Leverage (Show the Apprentice Adventurer's Guide what you can do now against the training dummies.)
10734	7	To Magister Ayanthe (The training dummies were nothing. Return to Magister Ayanthe.)
10734	8	To Master Katalin (The training dummies were nothing. Return to Master Katalin.)
10734	-1	[completed]
10735	1	The Real Training Begins (Magister Ayanthe suggested that you go with her to a special training center. Enter and see what she has to say.)
10735	2	Eliminate the Floatos (Magister Ayanthe created illusions of monsters that roam outside the village. Show her what you can do. Monsters to Hunt: Floato)
10735	3	Easy as Pie (All the Floato didn't stand a chance. Talk to Magister Ayanthe.)
10735	4	Using Spiritshots (The second stage of training begins, this time with Spiritshots. Show her what you can do. Monsters to Hunt: Floato)
10735	5	An Unknown Power (Something feels strange after killing off the Floato. Ask Magister Ayanthe what it is.)
10735	6	Try a Skill (Try the training using skills this time. Monsters to Hunt: Ratel)
10735	7	Mastering a Skill (You used skills to take down the Ratel. Talk to Magister Ayanthe again.)
10735	-1	[completed]
10736	1	The Real Training Begins (Master Katalin suggested that you go with her to a special training center. Enter and see what she has to say.)
10736	2	Eliminate the Floatos (Master Katalin created illusions of monsters that roam outside the village. Show her what you can do. Monsters to Hunt: Floato)
10736	3	Easy as Pie (All the Floato didn't stand a chance. Talk to Master Katalin.)
10736	4	Using Soulshots (The second stage of training begins, this time with Soulshots. Show her what you can do. Monsters to Hunt: Floato)
10736	5	An Unknown Power (Something feels strange after killing off the Floato. Ask Master Katalin what it is.)
10736	6	Try a Skill (Try the training using skills this time. Monsters to Hunt: Ratel)
10736	7	Mastering a Skill (You used skills to take down the Ratel. Talk to Master Katalin again.)
10736	-1	[completed]
10737	1	A Mountain of Clutter (The increasing number of Ertheia coming into the Material Realm is resulting in an excess of stuff. Go to Grakon and ask him to hold some of your possessions in his warehouse.)
10737	-1	[completed]
10738	1	Grakon's Request (Grakon has asked you to deliver a note to Evna, whose things in his inventory are allegedly faulty. Such detailed writing for such a simple message!)
10738	-1	[completed]
10739	1	To the Armor Shop (Evna has suggested that you deliver a pack of supplies to the forest patrol for everyone's benefit. Go to Denya to receive the supplies.)
10739	2	To the Grocer (Denya gave you a pack of armor, and told you to go to Pelu next.)
10739	3	To the Accessory Shop (Pelu gave you a pack of groceries, and told you to go to Ceri next.)
10739	4	To the Whispering Woods (Ceri gave you a pack of accessories, and told you to go to Sivanthe.)
10739	-1	[completed]
10740	1	The Belongings of the Dead (Sivanthe has asked you to recover the possessions of Ertheia who were killed by monsters on that fateful day. Monsters to Hunt: Keen Floato, Ratel, Robust Ratel)
10740	2	Unnamed Relics (You now have an armful of things that once belonged to unknown Ertheia civilians. Put them on the Remembrance Tower.)
10740	3	Rest in Peace (You have paid your respects to the Ertheia that were killed by monsters. Return to Sivanthe.)
10740	-1	[completed]
10741	1	Honey and Meats (Sivanthe is concerned about her colleague Leira's sickness. Alleviate her concerns by bringing the latter some yummy goods. Monsters to Hunt: Honeybee, Robust Honeybee, Kiku)
10741	2	Food Delivery (You now have enough honey and meat to feed an army. Take them to Leira.)
10741	-1	[completed]
10742	1	Find Ricky (Leira is worried about her pet fox wandering off into danger. Try to find him for her. (Ricky the fox has headed into an area inhabited by Kikus and Growlers, with 3 Kiku caves.))
10742	2	Ricky and Leira (Ricky seems to have recognized Leira. Tell her that you found the fox.)
10742	-1	[completed]
10743	1	Weird Little Mushrooms (Leira says she found a new kind of Growler, and is worried about possible poison. Gather up the unique spores and take them to Milone for analysis. Monsters to Hunt: Growler, Robust Growler, Evolved Growler)
10743	2	Collecting the Spores (You have enough spores now. Take them to Milone.)
10743	-1	[completed]
10744	1	A Confident Blacksmith (Milone has sent you to a blacksmith. See what this Dolkin guy is all about.)
10744	2	A Confident Blacksmith (Dolkin is apparently unhinged, but you came this far. Indulge him and gather up the leaves from the Whispering Woods, which he claims are stronger than steel. Monsters to Hunt: Treant, Leafie)
10744	3	Is It Really Special? (You gathered up the things Dolkin mentioned. Now you can see what he plans to do with them.)
10744	-1	[completed]
10745	1	Karaphon Leaves (Dolkin claims that the best ingredient lies in the Karaphon. Do as he wishes.)
10745	2	Ingredients Galore (You obtained the ultimate ingredient from the Karaphon. Return to Dolkin.)
10745	3	Dolkin's Report (Today is the day Dolkin reports his findings to Karla. Deliver his report.)
10745	-1	[completed]
10746	1	Adventures Afoot (Karla says it is now time for you to go out into the world. Go to Astiel for travel advice.)
10746	2	New Horizons (You are setting off toward the continent! Go to Gludin village and meet Levian the High Priestess at Einhasad Temple.)
10746	-1	[completed]
10747	1	About Pagan Temple (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10747	2	To Knight Captain Kargos (Talk to Captain Kargos near the Town of Rune.)
10747	3	To Knight Captain Kargos (When ready, go to the Pagan Temple using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to Kargos.)
10747	-1	[completed]
10748	1	Compete in the Mysterious Mansion (Participate in the competition at the Mysterious Mansion. If you stay in the competition until the end, you can receive 1 Remnant of Competition. Participate 2 times and obtain 2 Remnants of Competition. Then, return to the Mysterious Butler (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP).)
10748	2	Return to the Mysterious Butler (You collected 2 Remnants of Competition. Return to the Mysterious Butler.)
10748	-1	[completed]
10749	1	Compete in the Mysterious Mansion (Participate in the competition at the Mysterious Mansion. If you stay in the competition until the end, you can receive 1 Remnant of Competition. Participate 5 times and obtain 5 Remnants of Competition. Then, return to the Mysterious Butler (characters Lv. 99 or above can earn additional SP).)
10749	2	Return to the Mysterious Butler (You collected 5 Remnants of Competition. Return to the Mysterious Butler.)
10749	-1	[completed]
10751	-2	
10751	1	A Plateau (Apparently it is difficult to free one's own power from its trauma-induced lock and key.)
10751	2	A Step Toward Freedom (Queen Navari has suggested that you ask Master Katalin for help unleashing your power.)
10751	3	A Step Toward Freedom (Queen Navari has suggested that you ask Magister Ayanthe for help unleashing your power.)
10751	4	A Thing of the Wind Spirits (Master Katalin says an item was recently found near the Town of Gludio, and claimed as something from the Wind Spirit Realm. Go to Einhasad Temple at the Town of Gludio and talk to High Priest Raymond.)
10751	5	A Thing of the Wind Spirits (Magister Ayanthe says an item was recently found near the Town of Gludio, and claimed as something from the Wind Spirit Realm. Go to Einhasad Temple at the Town of Gludio and talk to High Priest Raymond.)
10751	6	Trace It Back (An item from the Wind Spirit Realm has been found on the Skeletons northeast of the Town of Gludio. Go see if you can find more. (You can see Telesha if you defeat 5 or more Skeletons.) Monsters to Hunt: Skeleton Warrior, Skeleton Archer)
10751	7	A Strange Encounter (The mysterious wizard gave you something that looks like what you saw before, claiming it was found on an Ertheia corpse. Take this to Raymond.)
10751	8	New Headway (The owner of the noted item turned out to be Telesha, and it was too late to save her. Return to Faeron Village to tell Master Katalin what has happened.)
10751	9	New Headway (The owner of the noted item turned out to be Telesha, and it was too late to save her. Return to Faeron Village to tell Magister Ayanthe what has happened.)
10751	-1	[completed]
10752	-2	
10752	1	The Mysterious Hero (The item from the Wind Spirit Realm turned out to be a device used for prophecies among the ancient Ertheia. Karla can tell you more.)
10752	2	Elmore's Capital (A man of Elmore named Kain seems to be Faeron's unexpected savior. Perhaps you can find more clues about him at the capital of Elmore. Go to Grand Master Siegmund of the Warrior Guild in the Town of Rune.)
10752	3	The Sword of Kain (Lombert, the head blacksmith of the Town of Rune, is said to have once forged a sword for Kain Van Halter. Time to head to the blacksmith.)
10752	4	The Hellmann Tragedy (There is said to be a mysterious wizard at what once used to be the land of the Von Hellmann family, and he has stayed since it has turned into the Forest of the Dead. Perhaps he knows something about the deceased family.)
10752	5	An Old Tombstone (The wizard says you have never met, but why is he so familiar? He doesn't have any answers, so no choice but to go check out the tombstone he pointed to.)
10752	6	A Spirit's Cry (A ghostly presence emerged when you wiped the tombstone clean and attempted to read it. Maybe it has something to say?)
10752	7	A Spirit's Cry (The ghost was of the Hellmann family, and says there is a place that responds strongly to the name Giselle.)
10752	8	Kain's Letter (A letter from Kain to Giselle! What does it say? (You can reach Giselle through the letter you found on the broken shelf.))
10752	9	A Wizard and a Lady (Giselle called the mysterious wizard Nidrah, and Kain suddenly told you return to town and leave the rest to him. What is going on? Maybe Karla can take a guess.)
10752	10	Liberation (Karla says she will report what happened with Kain to the queen, and is urging you to go to Magister Ayanthe for further training.)
10752	11	Liberation (Karla says she will report what happened with Kain to the queen, and is urging you to go to Master Katalin for further training.)
10752	-1	[completed]
10753	1	Erase the Traces (The Ertheia's Prophecy Machine can only be restored if you erase all traces of the Material Realm's magic from it. Ask Grand Magister Arkenias for help at the 3rd floor of Ivory Tower.)
10753	2	Restoration (The monsters near Ivory Tower have been affected by Nebulite, and can produce the necessary ingredients for making a Restoration Reagent for fixing the Prophecy Machine. Monsters to Hunt: Nubulite Eye, Nebulite Watch, Nebulite Golem)
10753	3	Reagent Ingredients (You have all the ingredients. Return to Arkenias on the 3rd floor of Ivory Tower.)
10753	4	Combine It All (Arkenias gave you a Empty Regeant Flask and a Crude Philosopher's Stone. You need to use the Alchemist's Mixing Urn in order to mix all the ingredients together. Go to the underground shopping district of Ivory Tower.)
10753	5	Restoration Reagent (You combined everything into a Restoration Reagent! Tell Arkenias of your success.)
10753	6	Dark Traces (There are traces of dark magic on the Ertheia Prophecy Machin. Arkenias says Ivory Tower cannot deal with dark magic, and suggests that you go to Hardin. Go to Hardin's Academy.)
10753	7	The Necromancer (Hardin said Lich King Icarus can help you with this. Why doesn't he do it himself? He seems unwilling to answer, so no choice but to go to Icarus.)
10753	8	Eva's Blood (What was that meaningful expression Icarus wore on his face when you said Hardin sent you? These people are full of mysteries. Go outside of the academy as instructed and go to Sorceress Athrea for the rose you were told about.)
10753	9	Investigate Athrea's Box (Athrea does have Eva's blood, but seems lost on where to find it among her pile of clutter. Help her find her stuff.)
10753	10	Athrea's Things (You found everything you needed. Take them to Athrea.)
10753	11	A Crimson Rose (The rose is stained crimson with Eva's blood. Return to Icarus at Hardin's Academy.)
10753	12	Vanished Magic (Why is everyone so shady around here? Icarus said the dark magic was removed, but then why ask if it's truly removed? Maybe Magister Ayanthe can decipher something out of this.)
10753	13	Vanished Magic (Why is everyone so shady around here? Icarus said the dark magic was removed, but then why ask if it's truly removed? Maybe Master Katalin can decipher something out of this.)
10753	14	Not Quite Right (When you expressed suspicion at what Icarus said, Magister Ayanthe suggested that you visit Gereth for further advice. Find him in town.)
10753	15	Not Quite Right (When you expressed suspicion at what Icarus said, Master Katalin suggested that you visit Gereth for further advice. Find him in town.)
10753	16	The Chamber of Prophecies (You came to the Chamber of Prophecies as mentioned in the Prophecy Machine. Time to go look for the holy grail. (If you have exited the chamber, go back to Gereth for reentry.))
10753	17	Atelia (The holy grail turned into a shiny thing when you tried touching it. Report back to Gereth.)
10753	18	A Gathering of Magic (The gem is Atelia, a rare gem of exceptional concentrations of magic. The Queen should be notified of this.)
10753	-1	[completed]
10755	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priestess Levian of Gludin Village.)
10755	2	To Researcher Pio (You were asked to investigate the strange happenings at the Windy Hill. Try talking to Pio.)
10755	-1	[completed]
10756	1	A Strange Aura (When ready, take down the spirits in the Windy Hill and collect clues to the cause of the events in the valley. Monsters to Hunt: Windima, Windima Resh, Windima Feri, Sobbing Wind, Whispering Wind, Babbling Wind, Giggling Wind, Singing Wind)
10756	2	To Researcher Pio (You have enough clues from the spirits in the valley. Return to Pio.)
10756	-1	[completed]
10757	1	The Spinning Vortex (Get rid of 5 Wind Vortices, and try to get either a Giant Windima or an Immense Windima if they appear in the valley. Monsters to Hunt: Wind Vortex, Giant Windima, Immense Windima)
10757	2	To Researcher Pio (You have quieted the winds. Return to Pio.)
10757	-1	[completed]
10758	1	Pio's Question (Defeat Windima Clone.)
10758	2	To Researcher Pio (You have defeated the Windima Clone summoned by Pio, but it said something strange. Ask Pio about it.)
10758	-1	[completed]
10760	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priestess Levian of Gludin Village.)
10760	2	To Piotur (You were asked to investigate the effects of the strange happenings at the Windy Hill. Try talking to Piotur.)
10760	-1	[completed]
10761	1	Anything for My Lady (When ready, take down the Turek orcs! Monsters to Hunt: Turek War Hound, Turek Orc Footman, Turek Orc Sentinel, Turek Orc Supplier, Turek Orc Archer, Turek Orc Skirmisher, Turek Orc Priest, Turek Orc Prefect, Turek Orc Elder)
10761	2	A Smitten Orc (You showed those bullies who's boss. They probably won't bother the spirits again, and Vorbos can be reassured that the object of his affections will no longer be bullied. Return to Vorbos.)
10761	-1	[completed]
10762	1	The First Key (When ready, get rid of the Marionette Spirits at the Orc Barracks and look for a key to the magic chains. Monsters to Hunt: Marionette Spirit)
10762	2	A Smitten Orc (Give Magic Chain Key 1 to Vorbos.)
10762	-1	[completed]
10763	1	The Second Key (When ready, try to slay enough orcs at the Orc Barracks to tempt Chertuba Mirage or Chertuba Illusion to appear. Slaying one of the two will give you a second key. Monsters to Hunt: Cherbuta Illusion, Chertuba Mirage)
10763	2	A Smitten Orc (Give Magic Chain Key 2 to Vorbos.)
10763	-1	[completed]
10764	1	Rescue the Beloved (When ready, take the Magic Chain Key Bundle to the Orc Barracks and free the imprisoned spirits! Bring back 10 Broken Chains as proof of your deeds.)
10764	2	Rescue Operation (You have 10 Broken Chains to prove that you have freed the imprisoned spirits at the Orc Barracks. Return to Vorbos!)
10764	-1	[completed]
10766	1	Meet Zephyra (Zephyra is the person to talk to if you want to learn Alchemy. Go find her inside Faeron.)
10766	2	The Secrets of Alchemy (Zephyra told you the basics of Alchemy. Now onto practice! Have her help you.)
10766	3	Hands-On Practice (Zephyra wants to see if you learned everything properly by testing you. Create a Wind Stone and a Windy Healing Potion to show her what you learned.)
10766	-1	[completed]
10767	1	Try Making One (Veruti says you can only move onto the next level in Alchemy if you prove your skills. Create everything she tells you, and show her what you can do.)
10767	-1	[completed]
10769	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Sylvain of the Town of Dion.)
10769	2	To Researcher Lorain (Sylvain says clues pointing to the Grail might be found in Cruma Tower. Try talking to Lorain near the tower entrance.)
10769	-1	[completed]
10770	1	Scattered Fragments (When ready, go to Cruma Tower: Underground Lv. 3. Get rid of the magical creatures on the level and try gathering a few scores of Shining Mysterious Fragments. Maybe 30? Monsters to Hunt: Porta, Excuro, Ricenseo, Krator, Shindebarn)
10770	2	Find Janssen Underground (You have enough fragments to show Janssen. Find him in the tower.)
10770	3	What the Fragments Mean (Janssen is analyzing fragments to see the difference. Ask what he has found.)
10770	-1	[completed]
10771	1	Eliminate the Unsteady Fragments (When ready, go to Cruma Tower: Underground Lv. 3.  Find the hidden Crusher to get rid of all 20 Shining Mysterious Fragments that you must destroy.)
10771	2	A Hidden Crusher (The Hidden Crusher broke from depletion fo magic. Try finding another one.)
10771	3	Find Janssen (You destroyed all the necessary fragments, and obtained 20 Normal Fragments. Report back to Janssen.)
10771	-1	[completed]
10772	1	A Magic Owl (When ready, ask Janssen to summon a Magic Owl. You can talk to it!)
10772	2	Find Janssen Underground (The Magic Owl is sent to Faeron for the Queen. Talk to Janssen about what you should do now.)
10772	-1	[completed]
10774	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Sylvain of the Town of Dion.)
10774	2	To Rombel of Ivory Tower (Sylvain has suggested that you try talking with a Giant as a last resort. Maybe you can get some advice first. Try talking to Rombel at Cruma Tower: Underground Lv. 3.)
10774	-1	[completed]
10775	1	The Path to Regeneration (When ready, get rid of the magic creatures and the followers of the Dark Lord, and the Dark Lord himself, in the Underground Lv. 2 of Cruma Tower.Try getting about 20 Energy of Regeneration from them! Monsters to Hunt: Dark Lord, Soldier of Darkness, Dark Knight, Ossiud, Perum, Liangma, Achelando, Styrindo, Ashende)
10775	2	Find Belkadhi (You have gathered enough things from the creatures in Cruma Tower. Return to Belkadhi.)
10775	-1	[completed]
10776	1	The Giant Encounter (When ready, take the Regeneration Device Core and look for a destroyed device in Underground Lv. 2 of Cruma Tower. When found, try putting the Regeneration Device Core inside.)
10776	2	An Ancient Being (Narsides has appeared. Let see if this Giant is willing to tell you anything.)
10776	3	A Giant's Wrath (The mention of the Grail has somehow incurred the wrath of the Giant. Time to tranqualize him.)
10776	4	Find Belkadhi (Narsides wasn't as scary as he looked. But what next? Go ask Belkadhi, perhaps.)
10776	-1	[completed]
10777	1	The Magic Owl (When ready, ask Belkadhi to summon a Magic Owl. You can talk to it!)
10777	2	Find Belkadhi (The Magic Owl is sent to Faeron for the Queen. Talk to Belkadhi about what you should do now.)
10777	-1	[completed]
10779	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Hollint of the Town of Oren.)
10779	2	To Andy the Patrol (Hollint said there was a problem at force field at the Sea of Spores. Hear the details from Andy the Patrol at the Sea of Spores.)
10779	-1	[completed]
10780	1	Enforce the Barrier (Andy needs you to cut down the number of monsters at the Sea of Spores. Monsters to Hunt: Giant Fungus, Rotting Tree, Corroded Skeleton, Rotten Corpse, Corpse Spider, Explosive Spider)
10780	2	To Bacon (It seems you have destroyed enough monsters here. Try seeing what Bacon has to say.)
10780	-1	[completed]
10781	1	The Power of the Wind (Bacon has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Sea of Spores and bring back Wind Spirit Fragments as proof. Monsters to Hunt: Corpse Looter Stakato, Lesser Laikel)
10781	2	Return to Bacon (You have gathered enough Wind Spirit Fragments. Return to Bacon.)
10781	-1	[completed]
10782	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Orven of the Town of Aden.)
10782	2	Return to Novain (Orven has asked you to visit Novain the Geographer in the Forsaken Plains.)
10782	-1	[completed]
10783	1	Investigate the Traces (Novain has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Forsaken Plains and bring back some Missive Scraps. Monsters to Hunt: Marsh Stalker, Marsh Drake, Fallen Orc, Fallen Orc Archer, Fallen Orc Shaman, Fallen Orc Captain, Ancient Gargoyle, Sharp Talon Tiger)
10783	2	Return to Novain (You got all the Missive Scraps, while taking down the ambushing Embryo Predators on the way. Return to Novain.)
10783	-1	[completed]
10784	1	Eliminate the Giant (Novain has asked you to take down some more monsters in the Forsaken Plains and bring back Broken Magic Device Fragments. Monsters to Hunt: Kranrot, Paliote, Yintzu, Hamrut)
10784	2	Return to Novain (You have gathered enough Broken Magic Device Fragments. Return to Novain.)
10784	-1	[completed]
10785	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Orven of the Town of Aden.)
10785	2	To Shuvann (Orven has asked you to go to Shuvann at the Fields of Massacre.)
10785	-1	[completed]
10786	1	Monsters in the Fields (Shuvann is willing to give you information, if you are wiling to help. It's a deal. Monsters to Hunt: Archer of Destruction, Graveyard Lich, Graveyard Predator, Dismal Pole, Doom Scout, Doom Servant, Doom Guard, Doom Archer, Doom Trooper, Doom Warrior, Doom Knight, Spiteful Soul Leader, Spiteful Soul Wizard, Spiteful Soul Warrior)
10786	2	Return to Shuvann (The monsters in the Fields of Massacre have been significantly culled. Return to Shuvann.)
10786	-1	[completed]
10787	1	Approach Carefully (Apparently Shuvann has witnessed a group of Embryo camping near Devastated Castle. Perhaps the suspicious box nearby holds some clues to this.)
10787	2	Return to Shuvann (The suspicious box yielded Embryo Missives. Report to Shuvann about this discovery.)
10787	-1	[completed]
10789	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Innocentin of the Town of Rune.)
10789	2	To Dokara the Tracker (Innocentin has asked you to go visit Dokara.)
10789	-1	[completed]
10790	1	Clean Out the Swamp of Screams (Dokara needs help with the Stakatos in the Swamp of Screams. Monsters to Hunt: Splinter Stakato, Splinter Stakato Worker, Splinter Stakato Soldier, Splinter Stakato Drone, Needle Stakato, Needle Stakato Worker, Needle Stakato Soldier, Needle Stakato Drone, Frenzied Stakato Soldier, Frenzied Stakato Drone)
10790	2	Return to Dokara (Enough Stakatos have fallen at your hands. Return to Dokara.)
10790	-1	[completed]
10791	1	A Cocoon Menace (Dokara suspects that the Suspicious Cocoons might be behind the Stakatos' exploding population in the Swamp of Screams. See if he is right by taking apart some cocoons. Monsters to Hunt: Suspicious Cocoon)
10791	2	Slay the Captain (A Needle Stakato Captain emerged from a Suspicious Cocoon. Take him down! Monsters to Hunt: Needle Stakato Captain)
10791	3	Return to Dokara (You have eliminated the cocoons and the Stakato within. Return to Dokara and tell him of your deeds.)
10791	-1	[completed]
10792	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Innocentin of the Town of Rune.)
10792	2	To Hatuba the Tracker (Innocentin has Queen Navari's orders for you, which is to help the Town of Rune. Your first step is to go talk to Hatuba in the Forest of the Dead.)
10792	-1	[completed]
10793	1	The Soul Relief (Hatuba has asked you to get rid of the Undead in the Forest of the Dead. Let's do this. Monsters to Hunt: Corrupted Knight, Corrupted Royal Guard, Trampled Man, Slaughter Executioner, Corpse of Deadman, Resurrected Knight, Resurrected Royal Guard, Bone Snatcher, Bone Maker, Bone Shaper, Sacrificed Man)
10793	2	To Hatuba (The Undead are quite dead now. Report back to Hatuba.)
10793	-1	[completed]
10794	1	Two Missions (Hatuba asked you to not only take down the Undead but also investigate the tombstone in the Forest of the Dead. Let's take down the Undead while you move along. Monsters to Hunt: Guillotine's Ghost, Devil Bat, Atrox, Ghost of Guillotine, Behemoth Zombie, Bone Collector, Bone Animator, Bone Slayer, Bone Sweeper, Bone Grinder, Bone Scavenger, Bone Caster, Bone Puppeteer, Skull Collector, Skull Animator, Requiem Lord, Requiem Priest, Ghost of Betrayer, Ghost of Rebel Soldier, Ghost of Rebel Leader, Vampire Soldier, Vampire Magician, Vampire Adept, Vampire Warrior, Vampire Wizard, Vampire Magister, Vampire Warlord)
10794	2	Fell the Undead (The tombstone has been looked into, and all that remains is for you to take down some Undead. Monsters to Hunt: Guillotine's Ghost, Devil Bat, Atrox, Ghost of Guillotine, Behemoth Zombie, Bone Collector, Bone Animator, Bone Slayer, Bone Sweeper, Bone Grinder, Bone Scavenger, Bone Caster, Bone Puppeteer, Skull Collector, Skull Animator, Requiem Lord, Requiem Priest, Ghost of Betrayer, Ghost of Rebel Soldier, Ghost of Rebel Leader, Vampire Soldier, Vampire Magician, Vampire Adept, Vampire Warrior, Vampire Wizard, Vampire Magister, Vampire Warlord)
10794	3	Tomb of the Dead (You have cut down enough Undead. Time to investigate the tombstone to the south of the Cursed Village.)
10794	4	Return to Hatuba (You have done everything Hatuba has asked you to do. Return to report your success.)
10794	5	Return to Hatuba (You have done everything Hatuba has asked you to do. Return to report your success.)
10794	-1	[completed]
10795	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter says the Delegation has found something near the Wall of Argos. Go to High Priest Gregory to further carry out the Queen's commands.)
10795	2	To the Hermit (Gregory doesn't know much, but suggested that you talk to the hermit at the Wall of Argos.)
10795	-1	[completed]
10796	1	The Eye of Argos (The Hermit recommended that you go to the Eye of Argos. Time to go searching!)
10796	-1	[completed]
10797	1	A Simple Request (Take down Daimon the White-eyed. Monsters to Hunt: Daimon the White-eyed)
10797	2	To the Eye of Argos (You have done your duty. Report back to the Eye of Argos.)
10797	-1	[completed]
10798	1	Queen Navari's Letter (Queen Navari's letter asks you to go to High Priest Maximilian of the Town of Giran.)
10798	2	To Namo (Maximilian has asked you to go visit Namo at Dragon Valley.)
10798	-1	[completed]
10799	1	The Secrets of the Valley (Namo wants you to get rid of the dragons and the Undead in the area and look for anything strange. Monsters to Hunt: Mesmer Dragon, Gargoyle Dragon, Black Dragon, Emerald Dragon, Sand Dragon, Dragonblood Captain, Dragonblood Minion, Cave Servant Archer, Cave Servant Warrior, Metallic Cave Servant, Iron Cave Servant, Headless Knight)
10799	2	Return to Namo (You eliminated the monsters Namo wanted gone. Report back to him.)
10799	-1	[completed]
10800	1	Undead and Dragons (Namo wants you to go deeper into Dragon Valley and face tougher monsters. Should be easy. Monsters to Hunt: Prey Drake, Beast Drake, Dust Drake, Vampiric Drake, Bloody Grave Warrior, Dark Grave Warrior, Dark Grave Wizard, Dark Grave Knight, Gust Spiral)
10800	2	Return to Namo (You have done as asked. Report back to Namo.)
10800	-1	[completed]
10801	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Dimensional Bugbear)
10801	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10801	-1	[completed]
10802	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Dimensional Binder)
10802	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10802	-1	[completed]
10803	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Unworldly Etin)
10803	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10803	-1	[completed]
10804	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Unworldly Golem)
10804	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10804	-1	[completed]
10805	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Abyssal Golem)
10805	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10805	-1	[completed]
10806	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Abyssal Berserker)
10806	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10806	-1	[completed]
10807	1	Into the Warp (Resed has asked you to get rid of monsters in the Dimensional Warp. Let's do it. Monsters to Hunt: Abyssal Binder)
10807	2	Return to Resed (You have done as Resed asked. Report back to him.)
10807	-1	[completed]
10809	1	About the Blazing Swamp (When ready, talk to Tulesir again.)
10809	2	To Harp Zu Hestui (Talk to Harp Zu Hestui near the Blazing Swamp.)
10809	3	To Harp Zu Hestui (When ready, go to the Blazing Swamp using the teleport scroll Tulesir gave you, and talk to Harp Zu Hestui.)
10809	-1	[completed]
10811	1	The Weight of Power (When you are ready, talk to Lionel Hunter again.)
10811	2	A Test to Obtain Power (Lionel Hunter tells you that in order to obtain a new power you must pass some tests. First, you need to have 16 Ability Points, and pass the test of Verdure Elder Elikia, the Mysterious Butler, Weapon Merchant Galladucci, and Sir Eric Rodemai, and bring back certificates from them.)
10811	3	Return to Lionel (You've passed all the tests that Lionel and the 4 people he appointed gave you. Go report to Lionel Hunter.)
10811	-1	[completed]
10812	1	Confronting Monsters (Defeat the monsters in Raider's Crossroads or Hellbound and find evidence to get the certificate from Verdure Elder Elikia. Monsters to hunt - All monsters in Raider's Crossroads and Hellbound)
10812	2	Return to Elikia (You've collected all the evidence that Verdure Elder Elikia asked you for. Go report to Verdure Elder Elikia.)
10812	-1	[completed]
10813	1	Participate in the Ceremony of Chaos or the Olympiad (The Mysterious Butler said he will give a certificate to courageous warriors who will face the dangers of the continent as part of a group. Participate in the Ceremony of Chaos/Olympiad and collect the Proof of Battle.)
10813	2	To the Mysterious Butler (You've participated in the Ceremony of Chaos/Olympiad and collected the Proof of Battle. Go report to the Mysterious Butler.)
10813	-1	[completed]
10814	1	How to Obtain Precious Items (Weapon Merchant Galladucci said that a powerful warrior must have items befitting of the status, and told you to bring 5 different hair accessories to prove your power.  Items List - Lady's Hairpin, Party Hat, Daisy Hairpin, Chapeau, Monocle, Outlaw's Eyepatch, Forget-me-not Hairpin, Maiden's Hairpin, Eyepatch, Little Angel Wings, Artisan's Goggles, Party Mask, Fairy Antennae, Pirate King Hat, Pirate's Eyepatch, Arrow-pierced Apple)
10814	2	Deliver the First Hair Accessory (You've delivered the first item. Now deliver 4 different hair accessories.  Items List - Lady's Hairpin, Party Hat, Daisy Hairpin, Chapeau, Monocle, Outlaw's Eyepatch, Forget-me-not Hairpin, Maiden's Hairpin, Eyepatch, Little Angel Wings, Artisan's Goggles, Party Mask, Fairy Antennae, Pirate King Hat, Pirate's Eyepatch, Arrow-pierced Apple)
10814	3	Deliver the Second Hair Accessory (You've delivered the second item. Now deliver 3 different hair accessories.  Items List - Lady's Hairpin, Party Hat, Daisy Hairpin, Chapeau, Monocle, Outlaw's Eyepatch, Forget-me-not Hairpin, Maiden's Hairpin, Eyepatch, Little Angel Wings, Artisan's Goggles, Party Mask, Fairy Antennae, Pirate King Hat, Pirate's Eyepatch, Arrow-pierced Apple)
10814	4	Deliver the Third Hair Accessory (You've delivered the third item. Now deliver 2 different hair accessories.  Items List - Lady's Hairpin, Party Hat, Daisy Hairpin, Chapeau, Monocle, Outlaw's Eyepatch, Forget-me-not Hairpin, Maiden's Hairpin, Eyepatch, Little Angel Wings, Artisan's Goggles, Party Mask, Fairy Antennae, Pirate King Hat, Pirate's Eyepatch, Arrow-pierced Apple)
10814	5	Deliver the Fourth Hair Accessory (You've delivered the fourth item. Now deliver 1 different hair accessory.  Items List - Lady's Hairpin, Party Hat, Daisy Hairpin, Chapeau, Monocle, Outlaw's Eyepatch, Forget-me-not Hairpin, Maiden's Hairpin, Eyepatch, Little Angel Wings, Artisan's Goggles, Party Mask, Fairy Antennae, Pirate King Hat, Pirate's Eyepatch, Arrow-pierced Apple)
10814	6	Delivery Complete (All the accessories have been delivered, so go report to Galladucci in the Town of Giran.)
10814	-1	[completed]
10815	1	Communicate (Sir Eric Rodemai said that those who are strong must initiate communication, and to use the World Chat 30 times. (World Chat allows you to send a message to the whole world, and it shows up in red in the chat window. To use the World Chat, enter '&' in front of your message. There's a limit to how many times you can use the World Chat, and there's a cooldown of 20 seconds. The quota resets at 6:30 every day.))
10815	2	To Sir Eric Rodemai (You've completed the World Chat mission. Go back to Sir Eric Rodemai in the Town of Aden.)
10815	-1	[completed]
10817	1	A Test to Overcome the Limit (Lionel Hunter tells you that in order to obtain a new power you must pass the second test. First, you must reach Lv. 100, and then complete the trials given to you by the Head Priest of the Earth Daichir in the Town of Schuttgart, the Olympiad Manager, Maestro Ishuma in the Wharf of Gludio Airships, and Sir Kristof Rodemain in the Town of Giran, and receive certificates from them.)
10817	2	Return to Lionel (You've passed all the trials given to you by the 4 people that Lionel Hunter selected. Go report back to Lionel Hunter in Heine.)
10817	-1	[completed]
10818	1	Defeating Giant Monsters (Head Priest of the Earth Daichir said he will give a certificate to those who defeat giant monsters by combining their efforts with others. Monsters to hunt - Istina (Epic), Octavis (Epic), Tauti (Epic), Beleth, Earth Wyrm Trasken (Trasken can be substituted by defeating Armed Veridan, Armed Kechi, and Armed Michaela in the Crystal Caverns).)
10818	2	Return to Daichir (You've defeated all the monsters selected by Daichir. Go back to Head Priest of the Earth Daichir in the Town of Schuttgart.)
10818	-1	[completed]
10819	1	Participate in the Ceremony of Chaos or the Olympiad (The Olympiad Manager says that he will give a certificate to those who pass his test. Participate in the Ceremony of Chaos/Olympiad and collect the Proof of Battle.)
10819	2	To the Olympiad Manager (You've participated in the Ceremony of Chaos/Olympiad and collected the Proof of Battle. Go report back to the Olympiad Manager.)
10819	-1	[completed]
10820	1	Craft a Citrine Pendant (Maestro Ishuma said that someone who is aspiring to become a hero must be able to take care of their own equipment. He believes that this can be assessed by crafting a Citrine Pendant. You can craft a Citrine Pendant through a Maestro, and if you need more items you can receive them from him (Except for Crystal (R-grade).)
10820	-1	[completed]
10821	1	A Mentor's Role (Sir Kristof Rodemai says that a truly powerful warrior must be able to help those who are weaker, and emphasized the role of a mentor. To get Sir Kristof Rodemai's certificate, collect 45,000 Mentee's Marks that can be obtained by taking on mentees.)
10821	-1	[completed]
10823	1	A Test to Shatter the Limit (Lionel Hunter tells you that in order to obtain a new power you must pass the third test. First, you must reach Lv. 100 as a dual class,  and then complete the trials given to you by Merlot in Hunters' Village, Captain Kurtiz in the Town of Aden, the Blacksmith of Mammon, and Sir Gustav Athebaldt in the Town of Oren, and receive certificates from them.)
10823	2	Return to Lionel (You've passed all the tests that Lionel and the 4 people he appointed gave you. Go report to Lionel Hunter.)
10823	-1	[completed]
10824	1	Participate in the Dimensional Raid (Merlot says that the Embryo that appeared in the other dimension must be contained. Defeat the Embryo to get Merlot's certificate.)
10824	2	To Merlot (You've participated in the Dimensional Raid. Go report back to Merlot in Hunters' Village.)
10824	-1	[completed]
10825	1	Participate in a Castle Siege (Captain Kurtiz says that you must participate in a Castle or Dimensional Siege in order to prove your worth. To receive Kurtiz's certificate, participate in a Castle or a Dimensional Siege and collect the Mark of Valor that can be obtained by finding the Flag of Protection.)
10825	2	Return to Curtiz (You've participated in a Siege and collected the Mark of Valor. Go repot back to Captain Kurtiz in the Town of Aden.)
10825	-1	[completed]
10826	1	Test Your Luck and Endurance (The Blacksmit of Mammon says that those who become powerful have had their fair share of luck, and that he'll test your luck. To receive a certificate, enchant the Lady's Ornamental Silver Knife to + 7.)
10826	-1	[completed]
10827	1	At the Forefront (Sir Gustav Athebaldt says that he needs someone who can lead, and that he'll give you a certificate if you can prove that you've led others. Monsters to hunt - Party/Association Leader bonus monster)
10827	2	To Sir Gustav Athebaldt (Go back to Sir Gustav Athebaldt in the Town of Oren.)
10827	-1	[completed]
10829	1	To the Blackbird Campsite (Cardinal Seresin is trying to find the cause of the anomaly in the Dark Elf Village. To help him, go to the Blackbird Campsite through a Gatekeeper.)
10829	2	To Ferin (At the Blackbird Campsite, you came across Ferin, who had helped you in the Chamber of Prophecies in the past. Ask her why she's here and about the anomaly in the Dark Elf Village.)
10829	3	To the Mysterious Ertheia (There are many Ertheia in the Blackbird Campsite. Ferin seems to be in the highest position, so ask her why she's here and about the anomaly in the Dark Elf Village.)
10829	4	To Cyphona (It might be better to talk to another Ertheia. Talk to Master Cyphona.)
10829	-1	[completed]
10830	1	Proof of Skill (Master Cyphona has asked you to defeat the spirits in the Garden of Spirits and collect their unstable energy as evidence. Monsters to hunt - Kerberos Liger, Kerberos Fort, Kerberos Nero, Fury Sylph Barrena, Fury Sylph Temptress, Fury Sylph Purka, Fury Kerberos Liger, Fury Kerberos Nero)
10830	2	Return to Cyphona (You've defeated the spirits in the Garden of Spirits and collected the Unstable Spirit's Energy. Go report back to Master Cyphona in the Blackbird Campsite.)
10830	-1	[completed]
10831	1	The Right Timing (Magister Belas has asked you to defeat the monster that appeared in the Garden of Spirits and collect its unbalanced energy as evidence. Monster to hunt - El Floato)
10831	2	Return to Belas (You've defeated El Floato in the Garden of Spirits and collected its Unbalanced Energy. Go report back to Magister Belas in the Blackbird Campsite.)
10831	-1	[completed]
10832	1	Two Energies (Magister Belas has asked you to defeat the monster that appeared in the Garden of Spirits and collect its sad and angry energy. Monster to hunt - Harpe)
10832	2	Return to Belas (You've defeated Harpe in the Garden of Spirits and collected its Sad and Angry Energy. Go report back to Magister Belas in the Blackbird Campsite.)
10832	-1	[completed]
10833	1	Defeat the Queen of the Spirits (Ferin said that the queen of the spirits must be defeated in order to find the cause of the anomaly. Defeat Isabella in the Garden of Spirits and collected Isabella's Evil Thoughts. Monster to hunt - Isabella)
10833	2	Return to Ferin (You've defeated Isabella and collected her Evil Thoughts. Go report back to Ferin in the Blackbird Campsite.)
10833	-1	[completed]
10836	1	Whereabouts of the Blackbird Clan Member (Verdure Elder Elikia has asked you to find the Blackbird clan member in the Atelia Fortress. Bring back the clan member safely, or at least bring back proof that they are alive.)
10836	2	Return to Elikia (You've found all the Blackbird clan members. Take their reports back to Verdure Elder Elikia in the Atelia Fortress.)
10836	-1	[completed]
10837	1	Finding the Blackbird Clan Member (The Aden Vanguard captain Adolph tells you that Glenkinchie is in Stronghold I. He said to defeat the Embryo in Area 1 in order to gain Glenkinchie's trust. Monsters to hunt - Fortress Guardian Captain, Fortress Raider, Atelia Passionate Soldier)
10837	2	Return to Glenkinchie (You've defeated enough Embryo to gain Glenkinchie's trust. Go back to Glenkinchie.)
10837	-1	[completed]
10838	1	Defeat the Embryo (Hurak has asked you to defeat the Embryo and to collect Dark Atelia Neutralizers. Monsters to hunt - Fortress Guardian Captain, Fortress Raider, Atelia Passionate Soldier, Atelia Elite Captain)
10838	2	Return to Hurak (You defeated all the monsters in the Atelia Fortress Area 2 while Hurak came up with a plan. Go back to Hurak.)
10838	-1	[completed]
10839	1	For Revenge (Laffian has asked you to defeat the monsters in the Atelia Fortress. Monsters to hunt - Atelia Passionate Soldier, Atelia Elite Captain, Atelia High Priest, Fortress Dark Wizard)
10839	2	Return to Laffian (You've defeated all the monsters in the Atelia Fortress. Go back to Laffian in the Atelia Fortress.)
10839	-1	[completed]
10840	1	More Time to Recover (Sherry needs time to recover and asked you to defeat the Embryo in the area. Monsters to hunt - Atelia Passionate Soldier, Atelia Elite Captain, Atelia High Priest, Fortress Dark Wizard, Atelia Flame Master, Embryo Archon)
10840	2	Return to Sherry (You defeated all the monsters in the Atelia Fortress Area 4 while Sherry recovered. Go back to Sherry.)
10840	-1	[completed]
10841	1	Collecting Kelbim's Armor Pieces (Verdure Elder Elikia has asked you to defeat Kelbim in the Atelia Fortress and to bring back Kelbim's Armor Piece. Monster to hunt - Fallen Guardian of Atelia Kelbim)
10841	2	Return to Kaysia (You've defeated Kelbim in the Atelia Fortress and collected Kelbim's Armor Piece. Take it back to Shadai's Disciple Kaysia in the Town of Oren.)
10841	-1	[completed]
10843	1	To Fairy Mimyu (Elder Cronos tells you that there's an anomaly in the Enchanted Valley, and to go find Fairy Mimyu. Use the teleport item and go to the Enchanted Valley to talk to Fairy Mimyu.)
10843	-1	[completed]
10844	1	To Glenkinchie (Truth Seeker Devianne has asked you to go find Blackbird Clan Member Glenkinchie inside the Atelia Fortress.)
10844	2	Seize the supplies (Glenkinchie says that you must create a commotion to go with Devianne's plan, and to steal the supply boxes of Embryo.)
10844	3	Back to Glenkinchie (You've collected all the supply boxes. Go report to Glenkinchie in the 1st stronghold.)
10844	-1	[completed]
10845	1	Save the blacksmiths (Blackbird Clan Member Hurak has told you that the Embryo have captured the blacksmiths. He asks you to save those blackmiths from the 2nd floor.)
10845	2	Back to Blackbird Clan Member Hurak (If you've saved all the blacksmiths, go report this to Hurak.)
10845	-1	[completed]
10846	1	Defeat Burnstein (Blackbird Clan Member Hurak has asked you to defeat Commander Burnstein on the 3rd floor. Monster to hunt: Burnstein)
10846	2	To Truth Seeker Devianne (You've defeated Burnstein who came out of the Command Post. Go find Devianne at the entrance of the Command Post and report.)
10846	-1	[completed]
